Told off about not standing behind the "please wait here sign"... which was not obvious and there were no other visitors in front of us. The Staff member who told us off explained the 2 metre rule. But then came in our two metre space to view membership card on phone and told us if was not a membership card but a ticket.  She then scrutinised and decided it was genuine.  We felt embarrassed. Then walking round the site one of the sanitiser stations contained bleach. Whilst some others were empty. On leaving the facility the exit and entrance were one of the same causing a bottle neck of visitors in one tight space. This seemed ridiculous when there was a gate that could have been used. 
I love visiting all The castles in Wales. The staff has always been helpful and informative 
no staff out side office
Polite and very helpful
They were very helpful and friendly and were able to guide us to where we needed to go
Member of staff sat down on mobile
Friendly 
Staff and site are excellent. Such an amazing place to visit 
Friendly, efficient welcome.
First time we had visited, warmly greeted by nice lady on the way in, and helped by friendly steward in the grounds.
Y staff yn y Ganolfan yn dechrau sgwrsio yn Saesneg . Gallu dweud Diolch ar y diwedd ond ddim yn siwr os oeddan nhw yn Siarad Cynraeg . Siaradwraig Cymraeg ar y fynedfa  yn holl bwysig . Rhoi croeso Cymreig I ynwelwyr a dangos iddyn bodCymru yn wlad at wahan . Hun yn ychwaneguat Naes yr ymweliad
The staff were very organised, the hand sanitisers and ne way safety within the castle were excellent  we felt perfectly safe and looked after.
The grounds and facilities were well cared for and easily accessible .

Would of been nice to have been able to talk in cymraeg with people as we do live in Cymru. I don't think even one person who I spoke with who worked there was even from Cymru! Also would be nice if the information boards around the Castle were to go into a bit more detail about how terrible the Cymro were treated by the English. 
We would have preferred more information around the site itself or guides you could speak to without having to keep referring to the guide book. 
We received a warm welcome at the entrance & were grateful for the free entry we received on this visit.
Staff very friendly. 
No staff obvious once through the shop
Enjoyed our visit and the open day. Thought the entrance fee for Beaumaris castle rather expensive especially if a family  bearing in mind there is very little to do on the castle walls and time spent at the castle is probably an hour - 2 at most? 
The staff w spoke to were very helpfully & friendly
The staff were friendly and helpful.
Mae hi'n bechod nad oedd y staff oedd yn croesawu yn medru'r Gymraeg, yn enwedig yn Ynys Môn. Welais i ddim staff o fewn y castell. 
It was a good interesting visit. A good history visit for the grandchildren. People were very good adhering to the covid rules.
Fabulous day out my granddaughter loved the soft play castle building fantastic that all ages in our party were catered for in one place 
The staff were welcoming and imformative
yr aelod ddim yn medru Cymraeg ond ofynnais i ddim am siaradwr Cymraeg
Maybe for CADW to make aware that people wishing to view/enter any of their sites, must ware a face mask or visor (unless medically exempt, with proof), or they will not gain access or expelled from any of the sites for not complying with the COVID prevention requirements, for the safety of visitors or staff members. On our visit to Beaumaris on the 25-09-2021 at 10am, over 90% of the adult visitors were not wearing any type of face coverings with several of the visitors coughing and wheezing, without covering their mouths.     
The staff at the entrance and in the shop were very friendly and helpful.
Enjoyed the visit and the staff were friendly and efficient.
Cadw are looking after their monuments so well - just the right level of restoration.  We visited Harlech Castle later in the week, another excellent experience.
We'd taken our ferret with us (dogs on leads are allowed on site). The person who dealt with us, upon entry, told us to "don't let that thing off, we have wildlife". This was rude and unnecessary to say the least. A rather unwelcoming entry to the site. There are much better ways to speak to people and our ferret is not "a thing" - her name is Miss Daisy. We have taken our other ferrets to other sites and have never had this before.
All the staff were very friendly and welcoming. Good customer service.
Lovely helpful staff. Great castle - a hidden gem! 
Lovely visit 
Very friendly and helpful 
Very helpful staff, lovely visit
Brilliant staff! Engaging, kind and seem like good people. 
Lack of info boards at the castle.
Lovely all round 
I think to internal lighting within the corridors of the monument are not sufficiently bright enough to allow safe walking. On the day I visited is was very sunny and movement from bright sun to dimly light corridors makes it difficult to see and walk safely.
Polite and friendly 
Lady was helpful but didn’t provide any info on the castle, just the way to go in and how to watch the film socially distanced. 
The staff were very friendly and helpful. They all made it a very enjoyable experience.
Very friendly staff member but was surprised to find no toilet on site
They wrre very nice and politr
Cwrtais. Un yn hapus i siarad Cymraeg, llall ddim mor barod.Other castles visited were brilliant in comparison. 
I love Wales
no
Great to see that it is being renovated and improved for visitors. The changes to be made look very good 
It was a fantastic day and our kids loved the build your own Beaumaris castle bricks in the courtyard and the other interactive things like the harp and metalwork 
Beautiful location 
Taflen symol i blant yn nodi Pob ardal ee y gegin , stordy gyda ychydig o wybod aeth mewn pwyntiau bwled arni
We were impressed that we could take you labrador into the castle grounds, its was a lovely sunny hot day and leaving him in the car wouldn't have been an option.
I'm glad it was open doors (free) because the Castle is very biased towards English history! & I would be very insulted if I had to pay for the experience. 
Great to be able to visit site for free
Saw Conwy too
Quite busy on the day we visited as it was a weekend & good weather also the free day
Byddai'n wych gallu cael rhagor o arwyddion am hanes y castell, ro'n i'n sylwi nad oedd llawer? Byddai'n gret cael Theatr Mewn Addysg yn gwneud digwyddiad efallai ar ddiwrnod agored? (Ond deall fod hyn yn anodd, ac yn ddrud!). 
Really enjoyed the visit !!! Been long overdue ...what an incredible Site ...wow it's the most Beautiful castle I've been to so far!!! 
Thought there should have been a lot more directional signage inside the castle itself. Given covid  and the many interesting rooms to see inside the castle walls, there should have been better one way systems in place ! 
Really enjoyable day 
This castle was by far the best we have visited, very impressive with spectacular views. 
Wedi mwynhau. Y plant wedi mwynhau'r briciau meddal adeiladu
Please see previous statement over Covid prevention enforcement issue.
It was a pity that the chapel was closed on our visit, but it had great acoustics so we had a good peak through the windows and made very entertaining sounds anyway!! 
Great day out, it's also lovely to be able to sit in the middle of the castle area and take in your picnic and watch others walk by. 
Our grandsons enjoyed the castle, especially making one for themselves in the grounds.
well organised sites, thoroughly enjoyed the visits.
We went to Penmon Priory afterwards. There was a misleading sign there suggesting that it was necessary to pay to park there "Payment is inclusive of priory parking" or something similar. Actually, payment is only needed to go on the toll road. The sign should be removed.
We will be definitely returning.
We really enjoyed this visit. The staff were very on the ball with making sure people wore masks 
Lovely visit with family after xmas . Really informative 
Wonderful
the one way system is not clear and therefore it would be easy to miss parts of the attraction. 
My favourite castle in Wales. Staff were excellent! Above and beyond. 
Thoroughly enjoyed my visit !
Signage not great so often came to a dead end or taped off area. 
There could be more metal signs up telling you what areas were, however, I guess the reason for this is because it wasn’t known. Loved the video very informative.
Daethom yn unswydd i weld y Castell. Diwrnod hyfryd - y castell yn ddiddorol, a'r tywydd braf yn bonws!