There was hardly anyone else visiting on a Saturday so we were surprised but we received an exclusive and informative story all about the ironworks history by a chap who clearly enjoyed what he was doing and knew what he was talking about. Very good indeed 
The staff were so helpful and our guide an impressive communicator. We learned so much about the ironworks and its production processes. He tailored his talk so well to the audience and even came to find us to continue our chat 
They were wonderful. The personal overview briefing of the site was particularly informative and very much appreciated.

Out of the audio guide points with a button press, only half of them worked, and at each touch point, it could have done with wipes/hand sanitiser to improve covid safety. 
Very informative guide, my grandson was kept interested 
Pleasant staff thoroughly enjoyed visit
Very good staff
no
Service was very friendly and efficient 
All the staff and volunteers were lovely. Really knowledgeable and passionate.
The staff were amazing and the guides knew so much information. They were able to talk to our whole group aged 7 to 65 and keep us all interested. Hayley who was part of the world war II enactment told my daughters much interesting information about women during the war. A fantastic place
E site was interesting and well presented under the circumstances. Whilst it would have been nice to see the portion closed off, I understand why this is not possible. The First World War reenactors were also interesting to talk to and knowledgeable enough to entertain two bloodthirsty small boys
Excellent having the ww1 actors who were extremely knowledgeable. We felt without these the site would not be such value for money as the cottages were closed to public. We thought these could be opened safely with ventilation and a policy of one family indoors at a time only. 
Very enjoyable
very knowledgeable about the site and the iron making process
Staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful.

Some of the info things did not work, where you press a button and it gives you info. None of those worked :(
Over all loved the experience .
Staff were amazingly helpful and polite so thank you guys ! 
Definitely come again with card member 
As its a good day out. 
Thank you ! 
The volunteer was very informative and knowledgeable, great stuff
Very knowledgeable guide
The staff member at the entrance was very welcoming. We were then approached by a volunteer who told us so much information about the ironworks and pointed out all the relevant buildings. He was able to answer all of our questions. This added so much to our trip and it was really interesting.
Well done everyone and thank you for all your hard work during this difficult time. We were so glad to be able to visit one of our favourite places again.
Both staff very friendly.
It was nearly empty of visitors!
Having not asked them to speak in Welsh I have no idea if they were able to.
I did not ask them about the local area or other CADW products
All staff we met were helpful and friendly
This museum could do with a lot of investment. We felt that the video could have been improved by showing the whole process of making iron. Three of the four information posts were not working. This site has a long way to go to make it worth a recommendation.
very friendly and helpful staff members

Really interesting site and very welcoming to families. Thank you. 
The site is truly wonderful but at the same time very sad. What did this innovation do for Wales when there is still so much deprivation? You only have to walk through Blaenavon to see this. 
The staff were both passionate and genuinely knowledgeable; speaking with them was a delight and they particularly helped contextualise the role and place of the ironworks. I cannot praise them highly enough.
We had a great afternoon out and really enjoyed learning more about our local history
The guys in the shop were very friendly & made us feel welcome. 
CADW staff ALWAYS friendly, helpful and efficient.
Really helpful and friendly 
A fascinating look into the past.  I have visited before but my daughter's visit was her first and she was enthralled by iit and the way it was presented.
staff managed the duration of a limited time at the site to maximize visit opportunities.
Unfortunately, the toilet closed on exit (not unreasonably so/ at closing time.
Both gates were locked when we arrived and we were unable to access the site. 
Everyone was friendly and helpful
Really enjoyed talking to the guy there, really knowledgeable.
The staff were welcoming & informative.  The volunteer who gave the introductory talk was enthusiastic, well informed & shared useful information about the wider community.  The display in the furnace shed was vg. 
Volunteer tour guide on the day was brilliant made the trip special
Site was really good and presentations excellent. 
Very welcoming staff
I really speaking to the volunteer expert he made the experience really enjoyable and I learnt some history 
Very polite
The staff were very friendly and able to advise on the wider area as well as their site
A warm welcome by efficient staff
very polite, friendly, nice, pleasant and helpful.
The staff were excellent!!! 
Unfortunately, rude woman inside the visitor centre who didn’t understand how English Heritage memberships work.
Staff Helpful and friendly
Really friendly and knowledgeable volunteer, Mike, talked to us about the site and made it interesting for my 9 year old.
Staff were lovely, as were the volunteers!
Staff were very eager to share their knowledge with us. 
Staff were helpful and cheerful 
Simple excellent and friendly.
The furnace/casting simulation talking is inaccessible to people with hearing loss.  Could subtitles
be included in the projections?
Not easy to access with a baby and pram from the car park across to the site. 
Cadw Volunteer James was fantastic in explaining the history of Blaenoven ironworks. It was so good to listen and understand and really appreciate his efforts. Thanks
Very welcoming, knowledgeable, friendly, one staff member was doing a talk to a bus group & said we could listen in with our three year old son. Communicated with my son as well as myself & husband. Very knowledgeable about the surrounding area in the Welsh Valleys.
We did not have much interaction with the staff, apart from friendly greetings.
The staff were all very friendly. The shop/ entrance was small which made me slightly cautious but they were all hapoy.
Very interesting needs more publicity people are missing out
Very friendly, helpful and welcoming. 
Very quiet when we visited which was fine with us. Staff friendly and helpful.
Very helpful.
All staff were very welcoming.
Excellent visit to the ironworks and then the Heritage Centre.
Wider disribution of leaflets; hotels etc, Crickhowell and around. We met lots of people who were unaware of it.
Light refreshments, sanwiches etc, or information about what is available in the town. 
Staff very friendly and helpful
It was a well organised event, the display was crowded, perhaps people should have been told to create more distance between them and others. 
Excellent
The employee I spoke to on the telephone prior to our visit was extremely helpful and friendly. 
Absolutely fantastic experience. 
I don't think I spoke to any staff
All staff incredibly friendly and helpful.
Attended a Tin Shed Theatre event, so no idea which staff were from Cadw. Everyone was very friendly and helpful 
Very friendly and enjoyable 
Since we were visiting for a "performance" the questions above are not really relevant.
Staff were very efficient on entry giving out earphones and explaining their usage.
Very Good
Excellent site - my favourite visited so far. Excellent facilities, friendly and helpful staff
Brilliant evening at the iron works. Did not attend at Castell Coch as weather was too bad
Had a really enjoyable evening learning about Blaenavons spooky past. 
None
They were helpful and positive and answered our questions.
gwnaethon fwynhau ein hymweliad - mae'r safle yn ddiddorol ac yn hanesol ac y
bobl yn ddefnyddiol diolch yn fawr iawn.



I have not seen marketing for this locally, I only knew about it as I drove past it by chance one day. I have an Airbnb let, so have put some leaflets in there now
We received a very warm welcome.
Very helpful. Gave us a full talk about the site prior to entry. 
The staff were brilliant and really good with our children It would be helpful if tickets booked in advance could be changed - at least for members (not that I needed to in this particular instance - but the ability to change or cancel would avoid possible no shows).
Very friendly staff at the visitor centre. Felt very welcomed. Also very knowledgeable about the case membership and great advocates for it. However, a lack of military price (considering that's an option for a day ticket), despite an NUS price, is the reason I would not purchase at this time.
The main audio/visual display,I did find the background noise rather overpowering
Went for a walk around the town. Found the heritage centre very disappointing in terms of nothing being on display. Upstairs is closed. But the dates and history on the wall where fascinating reading. We didn’t use any of the touch screens. 
We only got one of the speakers to work at the ironworks
The empty cottages should be displaying period furnishings. Not enough made of the social history. Not anything on the Alexander Cordell books!
Absolutely a fantastic experience and a very well maintained site. The story of the iron works exhibit was excellent. 
We visited the Christmas before lockdown and it was wonderful, one of our best Christmas memories. It is a wonderful place and the history is fascinating.
Booked as World War 1 event advertised. Scaled down but "exhibitors" interesting and knowledgeable. Sadly houses were closed due to Covid restrictions. Coffee machine not working. A mobile food outlet would have been appreciated for refreshments.
The audio posts and cafe coffee machine weren't working and the gents toilets were closed.
I was in am extended family group aging from 2 to 75 and we all enjoyed the morning 
Dissapointed that we could not go in the workers cottages. What about noise protected for small children who may be scared of the loud noises in the audio visual display.... Our 2 and 4 year olds did not want to stay because of the loud noise




It was disappointing that some of the exhibition and history cottages were out of action because of Coronavirus   Cadw should explore innovative ways to get these up and running again as restrictions lift  . In addition some of the auditory commentary stations were actually broken. These should be fixed ASAP as so much s out of action because of Coronavirus 
We really enjoyed the video in the ironworks, it gave a really good overview of what the ironworks looked like in operation, and how it all worked!
We really missed being able to go inside the houses , in particular the upstairs of the shop houses where it tells you about the people who used to live there and their living conditions etc. However we quite understand and respect the need for the current restrictions 
It was very interesting  and we’d like to return when the Ironworks are completely open.
Shame that not all the speaker posts worked. Liked the video show in the casting shed
some of the signage to Blaenavon is not brilliant - travelled from Y Fenny
We will not be recommending it to others.
We got completely lost because our satnav was cranky.
We didn't expect to stay as long as we did - it was informative, showed what life was like for the workers, and interesting.  We'll repeat our visit next year and hopefully look inside the cottages.  Maybe a 10 minute talk a few times a day would be something that could be done?
We really enjoyed our visit. The site was larger and more interesting than we'd expected, there was lots of see. It was really atmospheric and there was just the right amount of information about the process of extracting iron from iron ore and the lives of the people who did it.
I also visited Big Pit. A wonderful museum. Once again, very sad. All of these men who worked at the mine deserve our love and respect. 
Great visit. 
In wet weather the plastic path up the hill was slippery. The gravel was much better.
As always, a lovely visit.
Just that it was as good an experience as usual.
Busy trading estate road @ entrance (from the car park/ would benefit from a zebra crossing.
'I travelled from' option above should have 'other' as a choice. 
Really enjoyed the visit.. was more to see than expected 😁😁
Great place full of history...
We both thoroughly enjoyed our visit. I was unaware of the Ironworks. The person I spoke to when ordering tickets to Big Pit suggested it was a worthwhile visit. She was correct.
I've been meaning to visit for a while, finally got there  great visit.
It would be good if you were able to sell some of the pottery & China items from the truck shop in the Cadw shop, e.g ewenny pottery jugs etc
possible more interaction panels etc on site similar to the Waterfront Museum at Swansea especially for school/teenagers.  (especially for school projects etc) the children loved the huge cast iron and the remains of the furnace where the latest technology was used to show them the history of the site.  this was excellent.
Commentary in the furnace hall was overpowered. And although I'm a Welsh speaker I think it's a mistake to have lengthy Welsh commentary first, English second. Most visitors are probably non Welsh speakers an likely to be impatient about the delay in English commentary. Big Pit do a better job in this respect.
was very impressed with signage and presentation of the whole site
Only 1 of the 4 outside voice information points was working. 
We loved it 
Thoroughly enjoyed the visit. The COVID control measures were good
Was interesting but requires investment to improve the experience. Particularly audio/visual presentations.

Was underwhelming given its UNESCO status and felt there was a lack of cohesion to the wider area and attractions e.g. the big pit and the railway.
The site could do with more information boards. The current ones are fun looking but far too cluttered and didn't give the information clearly. Plus the light and sound display in the smelting hall were not clear on the process and it was very confusing. We loved the recreation of the workers houses throughout the years. Such an important industrial site, more should be made of it. 
It was very informative. We were only intending to visit the iron works but as a result of our visit we went in to Big Pit. 
Very good guide book, cottages very interesting and well presented, the very interesting presentation in the casting house needs some adjustment to the sound as the voice over tends to be drowned out by the other noises - perhaps  a readjustment of the position of the speakers for the voice channel  is needed.
We really enjoyed our visit, and there was more to see than we expected. Will definitely recommend to others and bring family when they visit from England 
A couple of the information points at various key locations in the site were out of order. My sons were fascinated by the cottage interiors from different eras, but some of these also require some care and attention to really be convincing. The models at the site were superb, particularly the one which gave descriptions via an old telephone earpiece. An iron production visual flowchart would be very useful to place the real life exhibits in context.
Staff very great, very welcoming when arrived and knowledgable.
Really enjoyed the attraction 
Fascinating site. Liked the AV display and the recreated houses from different times
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our visit. We also bought the guide book which like English Heritage guide books is excellent, beautifully illustrated and informative, and represents good value for money £4.95.
The volunteer on site was very friendly and polite. I was really impressed with him. The entrance makes it difficult for staff to be efficient as it's so small. Trying to fit a 'cafe', shop and reception in there isn't working, especially with covid-19. This needs to change.

We very much enjoyed our visit, however it would have been useful to have information on the process of making iron as soon as we arrived. Instead, we went into the brick archway building and experienced it being made (excellent by the way), but it wasn't until we got into the white cottages that we were able to Read about and understand the process of making iron. If we'd been directed here first or given this information as soon as we arrived it would've made the whole experience much more interesting. Or put a brief guide to making iron onto the map leaflet that we were given on the way in.
The exhibition in one of the old furnaces was spectacular! One of the staff made us aware of it upon entry, informing us that it came on suddenly & loud, as we had our three year old son with us. We were a little disappointed that so many of the talking posts were out of order- not sure if they were broken or if it was because of Covid. 
Excellent A/V presentation; some audio touchpoints need to be repaired.
Really interesting site.
I booked an afternoon slot to give us time to get to the site. The 2hour visiting window we had was plenty in order to see everything. 
We really enjoyed our afternoon. 
Audio visual display wonderful
Lovely venue, lots of information given about the history and workings of the Ironworks. 
Apart from the cottages there is not much to see at the site of the ironworks.  It is quite ruined with artefacts no longer present.  Not sure worth the ticket price.
In the furnace room with the video,  it would helpful if subtitles were shown to fully understand what the workers were saying. The sound (speaking) was echoing around the room making it difficult to hear what was being said. 

Loved stack square cottages 
Very disappointing that do many information points were not working. Could have been much better information 
Brilliant resource which has been renovated extremely well to remain in keeping with historical past.
Enjoyed our visit. The site was compact and the cottages through the ages were excellent. Would definitely recommend.
Particularly enjoyed looking inside the cottages.
It is an amazing place to visit, a gem of social history.
We were very impressed with the video inside the furnace house, brilliant concept!
And very very impressed with the in period cottage interiors, such attention to detail,
even period clothes in the wardrobes! Also we loved the trust aspect of not looking
from behind a glass screen or room roped off. We hope that your visitors respect this
freedom, it makes the experience so much more rewarding. Well done to all the hard
work in sourcing all the artifacts!
I was disappointed that there wasn't more information about the lives of the people who worked there.
When I said this to staff at the reception they said that if three of the four "talking" information points weren't broken we would have found out more.
Excellent property and audio-visual.
Great theatre production 
I traveled with 2 friends, one was rather anxious re Covid safety, particularly regarding the exhibition under cover eg exhibits and photos of space so she did not enter but easily found a place to stand outside. Perhaps a screen outdoors showing the main exhibits would have avoided this 
it was tidy
We came for the rocket launch 
Rocket Launch Blaenavon was really innovative, successful & fun. Well pitched for a range of visitors, good value and very impressive. Perfectly suited to the environment.
We visited to see the rocket launch which was absolutely spectacular! The effects, lighting, sounds,  the story of ambition and perseverance from humble background were all Amazing 
It was a performance by theatre group which was excellent location to hold this event. Please do more like this
ISW Rocket Launch production was excellent!  Made full use of the ironworks site incorporating local history with a fictional event. The use of the balancing tower for the space walk was inspired!!! 
Wonderful show
Thoroughly enjoyable visit
very unusual and entertaining , we could do with more of this kind of event
The GPS sent me to the site, rather than the parking lot, which I realized later was across the street. There were prominent signs for "Entrance" but that was only for pedestrian entrance, which was not easily visible. I circled three times and finally parked in the a town lot above the site. I suggest that more prominent signage for parking would be helpful since it is on the other side of the road from the site and not easily seen from the road, especially when driving alone. 
No, just really impressed with how it was run. Alison was really helpful before the event as well.
None
It would be good to have a small cafe on site and a few more outdoor picnic tables. There is plenty of room for this.
It was a shame that a few of the interpretation podiums (where you pressed a button to hear the explanation) didn't work. 
I thought the site was brilliant. Very informative and the indoor experiences really appealed to my young children. 
The historical cottages at that site were excellent. 