Great visit shame some is under repair but we knew that before we went to didn’t spoil it and fewer visitor numbers made it feel really safe with so much space 
Explained things clearly about membership. 
Arrived at 10.00 prompt as that is first available time but site must have opened earlier as place was heaving with people not following one way system. Too many people in room with model kings needs someone there to control the situation 
Great all round experience
Staff were lovely and when my son asked about the Papo Historical figures that most CADW sites sell, staff were lovely enough to go to effort of collecting them from their store room and putting them out for sale… helpful, kind, polite and friendly. Made our day so much better :0)
Didn't really interact with any
Considering all the renovations that have been going on for quite a while I can’t wait to return next year when they are finished
The only staff members we saw were in the entrance so I cannot comment on their performance. 
Only saw 1 staff member when showing ticket 
Excellent service and presentation. One of the best I’ve seen. Highly recommended to my friends.
No tour due to covid given free booklet which was great as you can take it away and read i n more detail later 
Museum was well marked out for social distancing and plenty of hand sanitiser 
Great castle, good value. Only felt a little unsafe because of the constant rain making everywhere very slippery, but that couldn't be helped. 
The only staff I saw on site were in reception or moving around the site spraying disinfectant on handrails
Difficult to find any staff beyond entrance area so most of the above questions are superfluous.
A bit rude and inefficent.
Friendly staff
Limited contact with staff apart from initial friendly greeting
Entrance staff were very friendly and efficient, other than that we did not require assistance so cannot comment 
The gentleman in the museum was very helpful and knowledgeable 
Inside the monument i did feel safe however there probably could have been a few more handrails on some of the spiral stairs. Its also a shame that the site is not accessible to those in wheelchairs but i can see there is work being done to rectify this so that’s excellent. Overall and enjoyable visit.
Enjoyed our visit
It was not very busy so we were able to wander freely. I found the route through the museum confusing joining it half way round when looking for the display about King Edward's head and then diverting to the Queen's Tower otherwise no problem.
Gentleman in the ticket off was very rude. It clearly states on your website that you do not have to book but may not be able to go in if you dont and it is busy. Didnt book as there were places left but basically got told off for this.Spoilt our visit.
Friendly and efficient
Very few staff about except in the shop so not much interaction
The reason I've put n/a to the last 3 questions is once we've got our ticket we didn't speak to any staff again while we was there
A thoroughly enjoyable visit made more so by the knowledge, friendliness and professionalism of the staff. Dare I say old fashioned service in a modern world
Service at exception was good and informative. However once inside the complex on trying to get our bearings, a member of staff proceeded to talk to a couple next to us pointing them in the right direction and providing information to them whilst ignoring us completely. 
Engaging and very friendly 
All staff were very professional and friendly 
Lovely helpful friendly staff
Very efficient and courteous 
I wanted to become a member but that was not possible and no leaflets available to explain the product. Such a shame
Better directions to the entrance as the first sign is not visible until you are almost on it.
Clear instructions and welcoming
Fantastic sight, very interesting, staff helpful & friendly. Excellent Covid measures
We only spoke with the lady at the check in / pay counter 
Such helpful and friendly people
Didn't think the person on reception was very friendly but otherwise all OK (only encountered one other member of staff just past reception who was very jolly and helpful).
None of the alcohol gel dispensers were working. All were full but blocked. Considering all the steps requiring people to share hand holds in narrow spaces it is important this is readily available. I did report this to a member of staff who said they would escalate however would expect this is tested daily before opening
All were very lovely 
Dangerously overcrowded esp on narrow stairs. No social distancing observed by (mostly maskless) people. Wont return till situation improves
Excellent, friendly and knowledgeable 
We didn't need anythibg further than to be booked in and let through but this was a pleasant experience and staff were pleasant 
The staff were extremely helpful, welcoming and great with our children. 1 hour didn’t really do the castle justice. We will return for a longer visit. 
All very cheerful and welcoming. The free guidebook to compensate for closure of Kings tower was appreciated but not really necessary . Thank you.
We loved our visit very friendly staff 
Staff on the desk/gift area were very friendly and wrapped a guidebook to stop it from getting wet.
We arrived at 4pm as it was the only time available that day to go but only had 50 mins in there as it closed at 5pm which we were unaware of. We hardly had any time to look at the castle grounds and were very disappointed. We did not feel this was value for money. 
The lady at reception was lovely and very helpful and friendly
Well worth a visit
There were staff dressed up for Halloween who were excellent. When they realised my children were young & scared they changed their “character” and made them feel comfortable and my daughter (4yrs) thought the “princess knight” was the best part of her day. Thank you to them for being great with the kids. 
very nice place to visit and all really friendly and looking forward to going again 
Very friendly and helpful
Thoroughly enjoyable visit. 
Excellent service from start to finish
Excellent service and very welcoming staff
The Halloween activities and individuals posing as characters made our visit very enjoyable and everyone fully engaged with our children, which made their day. 
Staff were lovely and engaged with my two grandsons at every opportunity 
Very pleasant staff
Friendly and welcoming.
Really friendly welcome and clear advice on how to get the most from our visit.
The site wasn't over busy so we were able to explore at our own pace and didn't need to ask for assistance from the staff.
They were very friendly when we entered the site and gave us the guide book. 
Asked questions and had polite and full reply with all the information needed. A pleasure to work with
Very friendly staff. Was also impressed with the amount of surface cleaning going on during our visit.
Everyone was very friendly and helpful
My own fear of heights made me feel unsafe, not the actual site! Other than that it was amazing, this was actually our second visit to the castle and we plan to return! 
When entering the grounds we were met by a very friendly and informative guide, who told us the best way to go and gave us lots of interesting information. I didn’t get his name but he is a credit to you!
Roedd yn wych cael mynd i frig twr yr Eryr am y tro cyntaf
Gan fod rhan o'r castell ar gau oherwydd gwaith adeiladu roeddech chi'n rhoi arweinlyfr am ddim i'r ymwelwyr. Yn anffodus gaethon ni ddim dewis iaith yr arweinlyfr, a chael un Saesneg heb i'r fenyw yn y dderbynfa ofyn. Yn ddiweddarach fe ddarganfyddon ni fod un Cymraeg ar gael, fyddai wedi bod yn llawer gwell i'n plant ni ddarllen yn eu hiaith cyntaf! 
Great castle and enjoyed visit. Weather was very wet and some areas were extremely sloppy but I don’t suppose they had health and safety when it was built! I hate to see it ruined to alter the floor coverings.
Everyone really friendly and welcoming
Great to receive the castle manual
Really looking forward to visiting again especially when the the revamp is complete.
The woman in gift shop was extremely rude and unhelpful. Would recommend castle but as a tourist avoid gift shop.
Gift shop was a bit slow because they where having technical difficulties on the tills 
Good advice on the one way system
We did not come into contact with many staff… only at the shop. There were no guides throughout the castle that we saw.
Friendly and helpful 
Staff were not available around the site, they all either sat in a cabin, the visitor entrance and 1 person in office in museum. No one attempted to offer any information other than on arrival and checking in was given visitor guide book. On leaving not one member of staff said goodbye all were chatting amongst themselves. Fotunately we have visited before as it is such a beautiful place, but we were very dissapointed regarding the staff.
Signage to the castle's temporary entrance could have been better
The site was extremely lovely.  The only issue i had and the only moments of unease was in the video room. Signage had been placed out for only 6 people to use. But people can not count. I did not feel comfortable staying even though I had waited patiently for my turn when others had been using.  
Very good visit
Female staff member was wearing her mask on her chin. 
Just fine
They were absolutely fantastic. So friendly and willing to help us
My partner is disabled and we were helped by a couple of members of staff and they couldn't do enough for us 
I chatted to Keith, a member of the museum team (ex-Welsh Fuselier). He was both interesting, courteous and informative.
The one way system was well thought out.
I interpreted the instruction, shouted from a distance, to wear my mask correctly to be procedurally correct but delivered in a passive aggressive manner.
We visited second time, ad still find it as much interesting and friendly as first time. Would love a bit more warnings about low doors, we had one person with little above average height, and he missed existing signs. For his effort he got a nice bump in his head.
Very friendly and helpful
Really kind and helpful. Let us in early as they were not busy. Very happy to help and talk about the castle and very welcoming 
very helpful and friendly
We found the signage inside the castle very helpful.
Itsbeen years since i visited caernarfon castle we had visiters from Knaresborough yorkshire which is also has numerous historical sites but they and my wife who had never visited before where highly impressed of course i was also impressed i forgotten how fabulous it is twe arrived early but staff allowed us in, each and everyone where fantastic nothing was to much trouble diolch yn fawr 
All the staff were lovely and friendly especially after we arrived a little later than our 1pm slot rather flustered after being diverted due to an accident on the a55. Straight away we were offered pushchair storage and a guidebook. We visited the museum in the castle grounds where a gentleman had just finished giving a talk to a group and was starting to pack up. He stopped packing things away and started explaining what all the equipment was for who wore what helmets, what they were made of and the living conditions of the soldiers in the trenches. He was so knowledgeable and let my son try on the helmets and answered any questions we had. My son is till talking about it today and said it was his favourite part of our short break to Wales. So thank you to all the wonderful staff at Caernarfon Castle.
Very friendly staff. Loved our visit. The castle is amazing!
Very friendly 
A very enjoyable experience. Staff were helpful and kind. The exhibit and presentations informative and interesting. I will continue to recommend Caernarfon Castle to friends and family. Kind regards-NoreenVisited many sites all welcoming. 
Lighting in parts could be better
The museum was incredible.worth the steps to see it. Shame there no access for disabled people. I managed it but I dear hear several people say I can’t get up there.
I was disappointed by the visit. There was almost no information about it's history. The signage was almost non existent. Apart from the story of the myth of Macsen and how Edward was influenced by it there was nothing about the history and building of the castle. Nothing to explain the period, set it in its historical context, nothing about castles were built. The short film was poor and there was no information about how the castle was restored and conserved in the modern era. Overall the visit was dull, lacking in atmosphere, information and entertainment. 
I really enjoyed my visit. I felt there should have been more information around the site about what was being looked at without the need for referring to the book all the time. 
No 
Site was confusing and not well signposted inside that castle. Compared to other CADW castles we have visited in the past 2 years we found it very poor which is a shame because the castle is so impressive. An example of many of the times we experienced frustration here was when we stepped through a door way fo read the sign about the Black Tower and that we were going to head into the display to find out about what was going on in the Kings head. We were at a place where we could either go left along a corridor or right and up the tower. There were no arrows or instructions to say which way so we chose to go right because the information board was about the tower and a tower is of course up. This was wrong and we felt very lost until we finally came across the display a different way many turns later - not too impressed. We understand there is work being done on the castle but felt that this didn’t/shouldn’t have impacted the rest of the castle that was open to visit. 
Lovely day at the castle.  Brilliant castle to venture around, plenty of towers to climb with fantastic views. 
We found the castle experience interesting & informative. It would have been nice to have been able to have had a drink during our visit but obviously there was building work being carried out & a café was part of it.
It would have been a real bonus to have been able to get a cup of tea inside the castle grounds. 
Very well presented with informative signs. 
My main concern was I really didn’t feel very safe here going up and down the towers we were meeting people on the stairs in very cramped surroundings and after the rain the walkways were treacherous under foot and we had sturdy walking boots on. Just felt disorganised. The only guide we had apart from the book was the receptionist telling us to start in the room on the left. 
Hannah on site was brilliant after my partner sprained her foot after falling down a step in a tower. However in general there does not seem to be a plan to evacuate a person from the site under such conditions. She helpfully provided an ice pack and tea until my partner was able to vacate the castle under her own steam but had it been a more severe injury there did not seem to be a plan to follow.
Not enough human guides in the site with knowledge of the castle. I think there could have been people dressed in period costumes giving re-enactments or other interesting displays. Yes there was excellent acesss to the towers and battlements butit could have been made more interesting with some living history.
Dangerous when wet
Spectacular castle and the favourite one (Beaumaris and Conwy were others) we visited during our holiday. The signage and notice boards and audio visual displays were especially good. Thanks
Very good and enjoyable.
Rubbish
It would have been useful to have a marked tour around the currently accessible parts of the castle. 
It was very dissappointing that no faculities there to purchase a drink ! 
No. Look forward to visiting when the work on the King's Gate is complete.
Disappointed with the facilities I.e. there were non. Much better at Harlech
Building work in progress, not all areas open, some noise, but offered free guide book to compensate. Looking forward to work being completed and revisiting. 
Thoroughly enjoyed it and very easy to book. Also went to Beaumaris this week and these answers also reflect my visit there 
Disappointingly little interpretation and information around the site. Although the provided guide book was of good quality, it was not appropriate to try to read it while visiting the site, and it was difficult to understand what one was looking at while visiting. I think you need to provide a lot more information and interpretation on site, and perhaps a map-style single-sheet self-guide leaflet. I don't feel I left with much understanding of the different elements of the monument, its history, its role in the city, or how it came to look the way it does. There is nothing about the current ongoing restoration/rebuilding works that would prevent this being done.
We had a excellent visit to the castle good value enjoyed  the military museum well run 
we visited north wales for our holiday,,coming from a place called birchington,on the east coast near ramsgate kent..we visited caernarfon castle,,conway castle,,  criccieth castle and..we enjoyed all of the sites and we are english heritage members..they were all special in there own way,and will visit them again in the future 
Only that it was interesting enjoyable and a wonderfully historic day out.
The site was easy access but felt ignored by one member of staff which made us think it was because of our ethnicity. Some diversity training is required. 
Great value for money 
There was too much emphasis on the Mobinagion and myth rather than historical evidence. 
We really enjoyed it - so impressive!
Lovely day out . 
Enjoyable experience, good information and interesting exhibits 
Looking forward to seeing the renovations completed. Fantastic that in the future those with accessibility difficulties will get to see the upper parts of the castle via the lift
It was great. Really interesting 
Really appreciated  the complimentary guide book as compensation for kings gate entrance being closed
Love north Wales, beaches cannot compare to Pembrokeshire, of course, but the castles are spectacular. Climb up Snowdon (Pyg Track) with 3 children under 5 and a puppy was also great fun if somewhat challenging
Very enjoyable
We enjoyed the castle
It was great and we would have loved to stay longer but there were very few places to rest and nowhere for any refreshments 
The one-way system could have been more clearly sign-posted
Fantastic to be able to visit almost everywhere inside the castle. All the little passage ways and up the towers! We loved it! 
Very enjoyable, we loved the castle.
The current closure of the King's Gate was managed really well and didn't detract from the visit. I really like to see active conservation in progress.
Online booking had a problem - staff pulsing find my booking. Luckily I had confirmation email so they did let us in, but they had no record of majority of party.
I have no particular remarks, other than entrance signage could perhaps be clearer (from square)
One of the best castles we have visited, not spoilt for the attraction of tourists. Amazing history, loved wandering around this beautiful castle. 
It was a fantastic trip! We really enjoyed the freedom to explore the towers. The information board contained enough to get the main points over and allowed you to seek you morei f you wanted to.
I banged my head in the castle. Doh!
My wife and daughter would have liked to see the kitchens.
And there was a small area we could not visit due to building works.
Caernarfon castle is beautiful and interesting, the film was interesting and easily understandable by all ages and non native English or welsh speakers and the information boards were very interesting
Thought it was really good & would definitely come back again
Fascinating, lots to see
Excellent
Really enjoyable visit to Caernarfon Castle which is absolutely amazing and well looked after 
No WiFi available 
We all had a wonderful day out. 
We liked the short films and life size chess models of the different Princes. We don't know much about this period of history and found it interesting as it was explained in different ways. 
Very enjoyable and informative.
Excellent to see such important aspects of our shared heritage being well cared for
Great visit really pleased with the attraction and the details found within the site
Really enjoyed the castle, would have been nice to have more information boards in more rooms, to learn more about the amazing spaces dotted around the castle rather than just the odd room
It was my first visit to Caermafon and the castle & museum.  I enjoyed my stay very much and found the castle & museum very interesting, especially the museum
Looking forward to new facilities 
Can't wait for the improvements to be finished so we can see the castle without the scaffolding. Also my partner struggled with the steps so the lift will be very welcome
It was such a lovely day! Even with the rain we had such a lovely time! It was also amazing to walk around the castle in the evening and see it all lit up! We can’t wait to return when the kings gate is all finished. My partner is also keen for a guided tour! 
This is the third site we have visited this week, all have been beautiful sites. Look forward to seeing many more.
Er ein bod ni wedi bwcio amser i ymweld â chastell Caernarfon (yr unig slot oedd ar ôl) yn hwyr yn y pnawn, roeddech chi mor garedig yn gadael i ni ddod i mewn yn gynnar, gan ei bod hi'n stido bwrw! 
Very interesting exhibits.
New main entrance will be amazing.
A suggestion may be some lights in darkest corridors.
The staff were vey helpful and accommodating as we had my friend's autistic son with us.  We asked if we could leave and return after lunch as he needed to eat and this was allowed.  Thank you for an interesting visit, we shall return.
None
Although space is understandably limited in the museum it would be nice to see a more updated and extensive  exhibition area of the recent conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq.
No
It was very clean, well maintained and interesting.
Maybe an audio story might be good.. like in Versailles!!
The investment in to the site was a lovely thing to see. The explanation of the planned work was extremely thought out with opportunity for all to visit.  
Roeddwn yn hoff iawn o’r system unffordd a oedd yn ei le oherwydd cyfyngiadau Covid. Hefyd, roedd person yn glanhau canllawiau ayyb trwy gydol ein hymweliad. 
I had a really great time and appreciated the compensation of a free guide book to cover thr fact the King's gate was closed. 
It might be useful to warn people about the difficult steps befire they eneter (although I know its to br expected in a castle)
I will return 😊
great information displays loved the film
We walked past the temporary entrance. I would suggest an A board or similar outside to help indicate the entry point
More lighting is needed in the dark passageways and on the steep spiral staircases.
excellent for small children who ran for miles. Theylovee the knights resin statues
Cant waittill works is finished and visit again .
Please keep up the fantastic work I will be highly recomending this fantastic historical attraction to all friends, family and work colleagues 
Looking forward to visiting when the restoration work has been completed 
Really loved our visit. A really good advert for Wales. 
We absolutely loved visiting yesterday and learnt so much history within a day. 
I found the museum about the Royal Welsh Fusiliers somewhat militaristic.
Was fantastic 
We also walked up to the Roman fort in the outskirts of Caernarfon. Though it’s museum wasn’t open we were able to look at the site.