Friendly, knowledgeable staff but the same person had to welcome visitors and answer questions. One person should have checked visitors on another should have been available to answer questions. 
Very friendly welcome and introduction to the site and advisement of where to find toilet facilities if needed.
A lovely gentleman remembered us from a visit to Caerphilly Castle earlier that week. A nice personal touch.
Very friendly and helpful, polite and smiley 
Excellent and friendly male staff member who checked us in. 
The man at the entrance was very friendly and welcoming, both when we arrived and left. Delightful!
Everyone was very helpful.  I would have liked to be offered a plan and guidebook on reception.  I did buy the guidebook after the visit and quickly scanned through it to check I had not missed anything but would have been helpful to have it from the start.  The audioguide was great except it was not working in Lord Bute's bedroom which is the room I had to revisit with the guidebook.
No signpost for car park
Limited to one toilet each i.e. Male & Female 
Due to the physical structure of the building e.g.a bell @ each flight of stairs to alert visitors 's movements as it would be impossible to turn around on stairs 
Staff are very friendly  and helpful 
Enthusiastic young lady who shared her passion and knowledge of the history of the site
Lovely people who couldn't have been more friendly. We were late because of traffic and getting lost and they reassured us and made sure there was still space for us to enter and enjoy our visit. They then recommended a lovely tea room and explained how to walk there. The guide in the main room was very knowledgable and friendly.
Great staff credit to your staff
We would like to thank all the staff at Castell Coch for being friendly and helpful and ensuring social distancing measures were well explained. We would particularly like to thank Tim for sharing his enthusiasm and knowledge about the monument and really bringing the place to life for us. 
We arrived at 12.30 due to traffic but we’re allowed in, but we’re told the castle was closing at 1pm for the day, turned out they were closing for lunch, which considering the amount of staff could have been managed as a staggered break so visitors could visit as that time of day is popular with most people 
All very good and very friendly 
Thoroughly enjoyed my visit
Arrived very late due to an accident on the motorway, was expecting to be turned away but the very nice man on the reception said your here safe and that’s the most important thing, he made us welcome and let us in. His kindness made my day.
Full marks to the gentleman on reception who wanted to engage with visitors and was able to answer questions.  I feel this deserves comment as too often at historic sites you only seem to meet people who see their job to be only to sell tickets and explain regulations.
Very friendly staff… lovely to deal with
All were friendly and helpful
Super friendly! 
Really friendly and great with the kids! 
Very pleasant
Friendly welcome. No complaints.
Loved it!
Staff were welcoming and efficient when we arrived at the gate. And service was fast. 
With regard to the Welsh language - my family and I are Irish, therefore our knowledge of Welsh is scanty at best. We were greeted in Welsh, and we responded with a Welsh greeting, but that's as far as our Welsh goes, therefore we cannot critique the Welsh speaking abilities of your staff! 
The staff were so friendly, polite and welcoming, they made the visit so enjoyable.
none - it was a great visit!
After a brief advisory discussion re route to take, no further service was given. 
Staff member friendly and helpful. 
I don't care whether staff can speak Welsh or not.
Friendly, welcoming, and informative. Given that day i lost my nan, it was lovely to receive genuinely nice and polite service
Very friendly and attentive, great team of people
The man in the gift shop was a real treasure - so much information about the castle and the work of Cadw. I wish I'd got his name!
a very helpful and friendly lady working in the gift shops guided me towards other worth seeing attractions. 
also a very polite staff member greeted me at the door. 
absolutely lovely experience to a breathtaking site 
Thsy were friendly and welcoming. I haven't require any other assistance from them, therefore I marked N/A response. 
Whilst on the visit there was plenty of hand gel. Also witnessed lots of cleaning going on 
Very helpful when my two (6 & 4 yo) granddaughters realised there were the ‘bleepy’ things in the cellar. They were given two new ones just for there as we hadn’t realised and had handed ours back in.
Staff were friendly and welcoming 
Amazing place but hoovering and cleaning was happening while we were there which made hearing the commentary difficult and ruined the atmosphere and also resulted in the floors being wet which is less safe. It seems unnecessary to be cleaning at 11.45 when the site shuts for an hour at lunch at 12.30- surely this should be done when people are not in the castell. 
The young man that welcomed us was lovely. Very good customer service. I had an issue with the spiral staircase with my child and he helped us so we could see some rooms without using the spiral stairs. Thank you 
All staff were very friendly and welcoming from the moment we arrived.
All the Cadw staff were extremely friendly, polite and helpful. It really put the shine on my visit
Very knowledgable and enthused staff. A great visit
The lady from the gift shop was really sweet and helpful. My daughter is still amazed and happy with her mood changing color ring!
First time visiting, will be back , as it was heavy rainfall day , staff were helpful and pleasant 
System un ffordd yn effeithiol iawn.Digon o bosteri a gwybodaeth am gadw'n ddiogel gyda'r firws  Covid.Digon o safleoedd diheintio dwylo.Staff yn gyfeillgar ac yn gweithio'n galed.Efallai bod angen mwy o finiau sbwriel ar y safle. Trueni bod dim unman I gael diod.Wedi mwynhau mas draw.Y castell yn brydferth tu hwnt. Diolch!
We had a lovely time everyone was friendly and very helpful 
Very informative 
We thoroughly enjoyed our visit. 
Staff were helpful and great. 
Castell Coch is a must visit 
One of my favourite places to visit - love it 😍 
Engaging and informative staff
Very helpful staff. 
A refreshment stall or tea room would be ideal. Many visitors travel long distances. A cold drink or a cuppa would be welcome.
Lovely experience x 
We had two disabled family members in our group & were very happy with our experience. The one way system was clear & easy to follow & limiting the number of visitors was a great idea. 
Site was clean, staff were lovely, everything was signposted, lots of hand sanitiser available. We were made aware of covid restrictions but it wasn't off putting to our visit.
Friendly staff who went out of their way in giving me a verbal detour of the local eateries and area in general.
The staff were superb, especially the gentleman who was on the reception entrance
The young man (blond hair) who welcomed us was excellent.  Really friendly, spoke Welsh (I've forgotten mine now though, sadly) and ensured we had a great experience.  Da iawn to him!
Cwrtais iawn 
Lady on the desk was very friendly and helpful
Extremely helpful 
Very nice welcome and staff obviously enjoyed their job 
The lady in the ticket office was so warm and friendly an absolute joy! 
Very friendly 
No.
The staff were lovely and the castle is obviously well taken care of.
Very helpful staff.
Would liked more staff in the rooms to point out things of interest 
very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable 
A lovely time and my little girl throughly enjoyed 
The member of staff in the drawing room was delightful! He was very knowledgeable and engaged my children in understanding the decorations. 
On entry to the site the man that greeted us was keen to ensure we did not have to wait. He explained about the one way system, where we could use toilets and also about the audio guides and how to use them. He had a very pleasant manor and was very helpful.
Lovely lady at reception thanks again 
we had a very nice time there, an absolute must see sight, stunning architecture and what a view
The team on entry were very friendly and welcoming; I had my son and two younger daughters and, whilst they discussed their favourite fairies with my daughters, did not leave my son out of the conversation, which I thought was very kind of them.
Staff very friendly and helpful. 
Very much enjoyed my chats wirh Paula
Very friendly and able to use common sense to improve the customer service experience
We have visited several cadw sites in recent months and have been very impressed by the staff and facilities. My daughter enjoys every time we go. 
None just had a fabulous visit..!!!
They were great and very welcoming to my two young daughters
Staff were very welcoming and friendly
A great family morning out. Was made to feel welcome and was informed of the one way system in place.. reduced number of visitors made us free safe to walk around and see all that we wanted to
Naming the rooms would have been useful, some have named, others you have to work out from the map but having information about each room in the room would have been both interesting and useful.
A lovely little castle . The bedroom ceilings were a joy to behold as was the banquet hall . Well kept with friendly staff … not too expensive either . Well done all . 
Lovely castle and well maintained 
There was a wedding taking place that day so the castle closed at 11:30. It’s a pity this wasn’t advertised on the website. 
Always friendly and helpful staff. Never far away, always someone available.
Visit very rushed as a wedding booking required us to leave much earlier than we had expected. No indication on website that we would be required to leave at 11.30. The staff did their best to give essential instructions but it was not the best experience. We are staying in the area from NE England will not have another chance to visit this fascinating place. 

A great visit to an amazing building
at main entrance there is two distinct sides, but people were not adhering to entrance and exit as there was no signage. This meant people pushing past and not distancing themselves. Made me uncomfortable. 
Booking tickets on the phone frustrating and there was no cafe open even though the website says there is.
Very friendly and helpful when we arrived late due to sat nav not accepting the postcode for the castle. Man we spoke to said he would bring this up with the post office as possibly post code had been deleted. This would make it much easier to find this wonderful place
Pleasant, friendly staff

Very friendly and professional welcome, with information. Our grandson (aged 4) was fascinated.
Lovely visit 
They were very lovely and helpful
Excellent, very friendly. 
Was slightly disappointed on how much limitation there was for those with slight walking problems although it’s said something online nothing to the extent of when you get there I struggle and only manage a few stairs my friend did none , and even no mention of the the long hill from the village to the castle and the hill to the castle 
it was obvious that staff  were maintaining social distance and there was less opportunity to ask questions but they were very helpful when required.
The lady on the desk was polite and very helpful and informative. Her knowledge made our visit a happy one because we had not been before and didn’t know what to expect where to go etc 
Lovely receptionist and very knowledgeable and entertaining guide.
The lady working that day in the booth was very helpful and friendly
A lovely place to visit. Much thought has gone into make the site possible to visit during the current Covid problem
picnic tables outside for people
The staff were very welcoming and happy for us to enter slightly earlier than booked. 
The staff were excellent.  Very helpful practical info on the door and a kind man gave us stickers for our toddlers when we were leaving!  Staff were also able to answer 'technical' questions about the property.  :-)
Really helpful staff 👏 
Very knowledgable and friendly.  My 6 year old daughter thoroughly enjoyed herself.  
Really friendly.
Really friendly and helpful welcome. 
person we spoke to was very enthusiastic and keen that we should have an enjoyable visit


Friendly and welcoming young man on ticket desk, knowledgeable volunteer guide in room.
Superb staff very helpful and friendly
Staff were very friendly. I was in the queue with my 3 yr old son,showed my cadw card and gave my surname and was straight in. Greeted us in Welsh and English and there was sanitizer everywhere so very happy
Very friendly and informative. 
It was a great visit. Staff were on hand to answer any questions. 
Only disappointment was that they audio thing only worked on the first one and then stopped working. 
Difficult to know which way to go
The 1st person we spoke was very friendly and helpful. And we had a very enjoyable visit and we would recommend anybody to go and visit 
Received a warm welcome and instructions as to how to proceed around the building were clear and very helpful.
Prior to departure we were able to speak with a member of staff who answered all of our questions and gave us an excellent, informative  insight into other aspects of life at Castell Coch
Really friendly staff, lovely site. Really clean.
Staff were terrific 
The staff were helpful and absolutely lovely with my 7 year old, handling all of his chatter and questions brilliantly.
I felt unsafe once inside the castle due to the number of visitors in the same part of the castle at the same time. This was caused by the totally unnecessary one way system in place . 
With visitor numbers limited to specific entry times the one way system is not needed. Visitors could spread out and enjoy different parts of this wonderful Welsh monument at differing times. Unfortunately because of the one way system I cut my visit short.
We were greeted in a friendly manner and given a lot of information about the castle, how to move around it safely due to covid and offered an audio guide and advice how to use it. Very friendly and informative.
Staff were so friendly and really made my 4 year old granddaughter feel special 
Great staff as usual, always really friendly and helpful. 
The staff where very friendly and helpful. The gift shop was also well stocked. My family and I enjoyed a really good afternoon visiting the castle. We will definitely be visiting other Cadw sites again soon. I will also be recommending Castle Coch to my friends to visit. Thank you for a fantastic afternoon.
Initially, I found it stressful, booking online.
And totally disagree that you lose what you pay, for not turning up.  Your ticket prices are expensive.  There are many reasons for not turning up.  Thus, it's a disincentive for booking ahead.  Fortunately, I get in free with my CADW membership.
The custodian was excellent and incredibly helpful and informative
Staff were particularly friendly and engaging.
We enjoyed using the audio guide and found it provided some very interesting additional information about the monument.
All very friendly and knowledgeable 
The staff were all extremely friendly, upbeat & helpful - they made the whole visit an absolute pleasure.
Anything was great.
Well looked  after heritage  site staff  were  very knowledgable  and very helpful  and polite. 
Being a photographer, this Castle is perfect for some beautiful shots! It was amazing inside and the staff were friendly and helpful. The experience was fantastic and we will definitely be going back again 
Your team members are amazing. My partner is disabled so, we can only see the easy access areas but only really visit this site for the tea room. One of your lovely colleagues pointed us in the direction of a lovely coffee shop very close by. Toliet facilities are always clean and bright. This site is always well maintained and spotlessly clean and tidy. We had a wonderful time. 
I had inadvertently booked the wrong date but the member of staff was very accommodating and let me in anyway! My grandson and I had a lovely visit and he was very impressed by the interactive elements
The staff on the day and on the telephone when we booked we’re extremely helpful and very friendly
Staff were friendly.
Staff were only on the ground floor by the entrance.
One visitor kept climbing over the ropes, sitting on objects he should not sit on etc and there was no staff to notice this.
Booked visit as lifetime English heritage member, but needed to amend time due to travel holdups, but easily done. All staff welcoming and professional. Lovely visit, greatly enjoyed. Thanks.
The lady in the ticket office was very welcoming, helpful and informative.
Controlled numbers entering the site made it a relaxing and enjoyable experience. Plenty of hand sanitiser in numerous locations. 
Staff were helpful and friendly.
Yes we chatted with a lovely lady regarding all the fables on the wall it was lovely 
Very helpful and pleasant 
Castell Coch was, as ever, breathtaking.
The lady on reception was lovely.
Very I teresti g visit and lovely to be able to do so.  Staff and visitors were all behaving sensibly with regards distancing etc so it was a lovely visit 
Nice people
Very enjoyable 
Excellent visit friendly and knowledgeable staff. 
The lady at the desk was so polite and friendly! What a lovely person to be greeted by. The site has clearly had a lot of money spent on it In The last few years and it was such a pleasure to walk around it again on a visit home. One of my favorite sites and incredible value for money!
Excellent knowledgable staff . Friendly and professional . 
I only put 'mostly safe' inside the monument because I used two crutches to walk and it was difficult on the spiral staircase. 
We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this beautiful castle.  The lady at the entrance booth was extremely helpful as my husband is waiting on double knee replacements but she helped so he could see the main tower. 
Very friendly and helpful staff.
Very polite
Very polite and efficient. 
I have some mobility issues so, whilst I did manage to see everything at the site, it might be useful to make it clear in the  information about Castell Coch that in order for visitors to get the best from their visit, they will be required to ascend and descend several steep spiral staircases.
A very pleasant experience
Our expectations were surpassed. We though the audio guides were fantastic and we ended up spending far longer there than we thought we would. There was an amazing lady in the room with the Aesop’s fables on the wall who was really engaging with our children and with ourselves- she was made the room come alive. We absolutely loved it. We just wished we had know they were going to close for lunch at 1pm as we could have booked an earlier visit slot so it would be worth making this really clear on the website.
Only spoke to the lady on the ticket sales. Aside form the member of staff in the gift shop I saw no other staff
Good service, very pleasant staff
I visited the site with a polish friend, although they had ear pieces for lots of languages, nothing was available in polish. My polish friend spoke good English bit having a polish narrative would have helped.
Great people thanks
They were very helpful & very knowledgeable in the great hall. 
Very friendly and knowledgeable
With the Cadw kitchen being closed, the member of staff in the shop gave us a good suggestion for an alternative, nearby cafe.
Booked 12.00am slot for entrance and only allowed to stay for an hour because staffs are having lunch break at 13.00pm. Spent £20, one hour journey for only one hour stay! The site should remove the 12am booking, it’s a ripoff!!
The staff took time to clearly explain the health & safety precautions for covid 19.
All staff we encountered were friendly and accommodating.
Lovely afternoon, would have been good to have Wi-Fi there as the signal was not good. Also, it would have been good if they had recommended we download the app to do the fairy trail but again need Wi-Fi for that. Thanks
Very helpful friendly and enthusiastic staff member
We would have liked to sit down and have a drink on site. We were a group of 4 adults (including seniors) and a toddler. Being able to sit down and have a drink would have made our trip easier and more comfortable. We would have been happy to do this outside as we are keen to reduce the chance of catching Covid, but provision of refreshments (even simple ones) would have improved our trip. 
The staff were friendly, well spoken and well presented.
An amazing place with very friendly staff
Very good, but didn't mention walks around the site we're roped off due to forestry operations. This was disappointing as we started following a marked route to find it blocked off and had to return. Staff should have alerted.
Very friendly and welcoming 
Staff were excellent and friendly
You were made to feel welcome, that they wanted you to enjoy your visit. 
Fabulous welcome.  Excellent expertise 
My wife and I enjoyed our visit.
Staff were friendly and helpful.
A lovely day out for our two granddaughters age 5 and 7 and us. They thought it was wonderful in a castle.  Today we made pineapple upside down cake from the presentation in Lord Butes kitchen that we saw yesterday. Brilliant !
Friendly and welcoming 
Such friendly and knowledgable staff, everyone had site safety as their priority and I felt very relaxed there 
Just excellent 
Friendly on arrival
Excellent staff
I came with my grandson and he took a shine to Andrea who was telling him all about Aesop's fables and showing him all the animals painted on the walls. She remembered him from our last visit. It made his day. 
Friendly helpful staff. Very welcoming.
It was much apricated if the café was open, even for take away, 

there are plenty of places to seat, even benches that are protected from the rain. For me the whole visit experience was much nicer because I didn't  manage to eat breakfast before,,and I'm sure foe other visitors as well. 

Staff were absolutely fantastic, particularly Tim who was available provide lots of information about Castell Coch and it’s influence on the surrounding areas. Staff were all extremely friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. 
Staff stood out in the whole visit. Absolutely excellent and very friendly and helpful. The gentleman at the entrance and the lady in the gift shop were particularly helpful. 
We had a lovely visit and would highly recommend. 
All staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They helped greatly in making the visit exciting for us and our 7 year old.
We saw the immersive theatre production Mysterious Maud, we throughly enjoyed it, the actors were superb and whole thing was brilliantly put together and was hugely entertaining … we would definitely do it again … it was also great to see the Castle in the dark, very atmospheric!
Staff were lovely and very approachable 
The staff member on the entrance kiosk was particularly friendly and helpful giving excellent advice regarding COVID procedures and information about the route and accessibility
Went to see the Mysterious Maid production - absolutely incredible and made extra special by being in the setting of Castell Coch - more of this please!
Ardderchog i siarad Cymraeg gyda swyddogion oedd yn gweithio ‘na! Ni welais i’r bathodyn yn gyntaf ond mae’r lanyards yn syniad ardderchog.
Staff were lovely and really made an effort to speak to my children and ensure they had a great time.
Site was well managed in special circumstances ; it was an after hours theatre performance
Very pleasant & helpful
Super friendly staff with lots of extra information. They helped make it a really nice experience
Staff were very friendly and helpful 
I went for Maud’s Castle which was amazing. My family thoroughly enjoyed the performance. The Psychiatrist actor was very friendly and understanding with my Grandmother (who took a little while to get up and down the steps). 
I have to highly commend your staff for allowing me to access on the day as I accidentally booked for three people for the day after! Very accommodating and friendly staff and efficient with their booking process and good facilities.
Perhaps a bit more lighting on the road down to the exit as I found it difficult to see the road and her the curb. This could have been due to the bad weather but it would have been easier with better lighting.
The staff were polite and helpful. No complaints.
i was there for an event, so didnt interact with Cadw staff
Very polite and helpful.
People were very friendly and knowledgeable. They were flexible enough to allow us to re-enter the building after lunch as one hour was not enough to properly appreciate the visit. There were not eating facilities on site but staff recommend us how to get to a local pub for Sunday lunch.
1.	We arrived at between 7.15 and 7.20 pm to find two cars at the main gate with very puzzled occupants. The gate was closed and there was no-one on duty. Another car drew up and the driver of the first said, “Let me see if I can unlatch it”. He could and, after a bit of “shunting” back and forth – itself problematic on a dark and narrow road – we entered the castle grounds. 
2.	We then drove in but no-one knew where to go. Some went to the main car park while others , including ourselves, went to the castle itself. There at last we saw “real people” who directed us to park. However they were hard to see in the dark.
3.	We were then given audio receivers and then waited an inordinately long time while other cars were positioned. This included some which had been left in the main car park and whose drivers had, presumably, walked up to the castle.
4.	The performance eventually started; however it was hard to see the performers. I appreciate it was supposed to be “spooky” but the light was still inadequate.

Very pleasant and helpful. The guide in the castle was enthusiastic and knowledgeable. Staff at reception were most helpful with information about local walks. 
Not visited for years and was impressed with stuff for children to do. My 3 year olds loved it!
Entry was efficient and the guide book we preordered was confirmed and available.
Very friendly and went out of their way to answer my three year old’s numerous questions.
All the staff were extremely friendly and made you feel welcome.
The performance of Mysterious Maud was brilliant. The cast used the spaces around the castle incredibly well.. I've visited before and thisnooened up the castle in a whole different light. Would love to see similar/same again in the future. 
was attending a theatrical performance at the castle so did not interact regarding the monument, or area
The lady who greeted us and checked our ticket was incredibly warm and friendly. She was very friendly and gave us plenty of information about the site to get us ready to explore it.

Other staff that we encountered around the castle were very friendly to me and my children, eager to engage them in conversation about the particular part of the castle that we were in.

Even the cleaning staff that we bumped into to was lovely and happy to chat to us about the room that she was working in.
Everything was good.
Only one person on site so can’t say. 
We visited Castle Coch for the Mysterious Maud immersive theatre show. All staff and actors made the experience an excellent one. 
We were greeted at the gates and everything was explained to us. I was offered a guide. The gentleman was very helpful.
The theatrical production was exceptional in the perfect setting of the castle. 
I attended a theatrical performance so general arrangements didn't apply.
excellent service and very proffesonal 
Staff was very friendly and the place was very clean and there were not too many there so we didn’t feel rushed at all
a wonderful evening with excellent staff
Excellent all round. Really good visit. 
I went to an immersive theatre production there so did not interact with any staff or have any tours - the castle was a ‘set’ for the performance 
The question about feeling safe is weird. What are you asking? Why would I feel unsafe in a visitor centre? Do you have an issue with people being assaulted at your sites? Or bits of building falling off?
Wentto evening event
Castell Coch is really thought out and the information was fantastic. 
Staff are really friendly and welcoming. 

One thing that is a small suggestion is a sign for the toilets as no sign viable. 

Had a fantastic day and to top it off after looking around  Castell Coch I asked my partner if he would like to get engaged and he agreed in the settings of the woods around the castle. Beautiful setting for a beautiful day. 
So
Who knows the future wedding may be in the grounds of Castell coch. 
Site was not over crowded. Sanitizing stations were placed throughout the site and staff were friendly and welcoming.
Great knowledgeable staff
As I attended for a site specific dance performance I can't comment on the staff's knowledge about the monument, but the staff were extremely helpful and friendly throughout.
Although this refers to a separate visit, I visited the Bishop's Palace at St David's 2 weeks ago, and the staff were exceptional. It was especially good to see that staff were wearing rainbow badges, accentuating how welcoming the venue was for LGBTQ+ people: as a gay man I particularly appreciated this and felt very welcome. 
Very friendly
excellent information from one of the staff on the main room, way more than in the audio guide. Very helpful
I visited with my four year old granddaughter which she had been eagerly looking forward to. We had a lovely visit and we're able to access all areas and we both enjoyed our visit immensely. The staff we're very polite and put us at ease at all times.
Fab service 
There were people who were not wearing masks which I was unhappy about. When I asked the member of staff about this he said he didn’t think it was a requirement and did not do anything about my concern.
Very friendly welcome and safe site. Everything was good.
Enjoyed the Mysterious Maud show 
Very enjoyable also had the chance to see inside the Castle whilst enjoying the show
I came to Castell Coch to see a theatre performance so the above questions don't apply.
Some of the above questions did not apply to our evening.
Extremely friendly staff on the day, nothing too much trouble and very engaging too.. 
Staff were very friendly and helpful
Friendly, informative and cheerful 
There were plenty of staff available during our tour, and all those we spoke to were knowledgeable and keen to help with information. 
The one-way system with a fixed route was useful and ensured we saw the whole site. I’d have enjoyed following this system in normal times, possibly with more permanent direction signs and maps showing the route to follow. 
The free audio guide was excellent. Simple to use, and unlike many others each section was concise and didn’t require us to stand around for long periods until it finished. 
The staff were fantastic and so helpful. They made the visit even better and gave very knowledgable talks on some of the most amazing rooms in the castle. 
It was excellent
The lady stood in the drawing room around 11:00am was very knowledgeable about the room and especially Aesop's fables. She kept us entertained for about 20 minutes recounting the stories and pointing out specific parts of the room.
People were being turned away because of the confusion between on site and pre-booked tickets. Just pre-booking would probably simplify things 
Friendly, helpful, chatty
Appeared to be running on a small team, but you’d never have known! Fantastic customer service
Great visit will definitely return 
Very friendly staff. Volunteer interacted with my daughter who’s three beautifully
None
They were very kind, helpful and attentive
The ladies there were absolutely lovely.  The castle was beautiful too!
Very helpful staff all round, I had a fantastic visit
Warm welcome and clear directions on 1 way system
The servers in the shop were exceptional. 
roedd yr aelodau o'r staff yn gyfeillgar, ac roedd y gwirfoddolwyr yn wybodus iawn
Excellent 
Extremely friendly and welcoming
Your last three questions have no option for saying not appropriate or did not need !
One way system was not very clear.
The lady greeting us on the front desk was incredibly helpful with directions around the monument and went above and beyond to ensure we were abiding by the COVID-19 rules. She made us feel very safe and welcome around Castell Coch. 

I didn’t catch her name but she was an absolute star!! 
The staff were excellent. It's a shame the cafe isn't open.
Staff were very friendly and knew where all of the facilities were. They took time to chat with my young son who has severe learning and communication difficulties and this added to our enjoyment of our visit.
Very helpful and friendly staff 
We came to see Santa. It was wonderful to go somewhere that wasn't overstuffed neon and glitz, but looked at the more traditional aspects and keep the really magical parts of Christmas 
We tried to contact the castle via email 3x before the date and nobody answered us.
My daughter and niece loved it, all the staff were able to make it seem very magical
Santa was fantastic.  Really atmospheric.
Staff were excellent,  I took my 7 year old granddaughter who has special needs and was very nervous about seeing Santa. The staff were great at putting her at ease and she enjoyed the whole experience. 
Thank you very much
They were really helpful and engaging. We visited to see Santa Clause with our daughter and they made everything especially festive which was lovely.
The staff were great, we were there to see Santa, and the staff were brilliant at keeping us posted on timings so we didn't have to worry.  Everyone made the morning very relaxed 
The staff were all brilliant and really made a fuss of us, especially our little girl. 
Amazing staff. James has done an excellent job in organising Santa. Grandchildren loved it a d believed it was THE REAL Santa
The lady on the reception part was and always is amazing with my boys. She is a real credit to castell coch 
Aethom I weld Sion Corn. Profiad hudol. Addurniadau pryderth a choed Nadolig ym mhob stafell. Does dim geiriau I ddisgrifio’r profiad. Gwych!! Diolch o galon I staff Castell Coch ac i Cadw
Everyone was so friendly and chatty. Made the experience that little bit nicer. 
All off the staff and Father Christmas were great- very friendly 
The staff were all very welcoming and extremely in formative - you could not fault them. The trip - which was my second, was wonderful because a friend was also very keen on the visit and they were not disappointed by ths extraordinary place or by the lovely staff.
Very friendly and understanding of children.
The staff were amazing. So helpfull and friendly. They truly are the glue that holds cadw together. 
Can't praise them high enough.
Friendly and professional, informative and polite. 
Every staff member i met was lovely 
The place is well conserved. Well administered. Protocoles were followed.
All were lovely, friendly and ready to help. Good bunch. Felt uplifted on departure. 
We had an enjoyable visit with staff on hand to offer assistance if needed. Covid protocol was clearly in place and we were reminded/made aware of this on entering the Castle.
Very friendly staff
Friendly and helpful 
Very helpful and considerate staff.
Apologised for the wait outside the gift shop.
Excellent 
kind friendly smiling 
Really helpful and friendly 
Wonderful warm welcome on a grey day. Helpful and respectful staff.
Very friendly,patient and informative 
Excellent service. Very friendly staff, helpful and knowledgable. Made us feel welcome. 
Really fun and helpful staff. We really enjoyed the site and it has inspired us to learn more.
No comment, other than to say it was an excellent service and experience.
They were really friendly and helpful
Welcoming, friendly and knowledgeable. 
Maybe an app of the castle coch like at Cardiff castle.
We were very pleased that Castell Coch was open on 28/12/21 As far as possible there was a good one way system 
Lovely visit.  Staff dealt very well with the restrictions they have to deal with and were very helpful and professional at all time.  We thoroughly enjoyed it, thank you.
Entrance staff really accommodating on Entrance as my mum was late. Even offered for us to return after lunch if we needed more time. Drawing room staff recalling interesting and warm with stories of the room.
All staff were lovely and welcoming 
Great customer service and very helpful’
Staff were excellent - very enthusiastic and clearly knowledgeable about Castell Coch
We had a wonderful time and my 4 year old grandson can't wait to go back. 
Excellent  , thoroughly enjoyed and well worth the money
Apart from reception desk so no other staff during visit so o not able to comment
This is just a comment really, Why on earth were there deep tyre ruts on the grass to the right of the castle when there is a tarmacked road looping round? I hope the offending driver repairs the damage for you.
The lady in the drawing room was especially knowledgeable and interesting. 
Extremely welcoming lady at the ticket desk. Couldn’t have been a more friendly welcome. 
Fantastic castle, well kept. 
Friendly knowledgeable staff.
Will definitely return with other members of my family.
Thank you for a fabulous couple of hours.
Would love to visit the tea room when it reopens too
We had a lovely welcome & the lady who served us was very friendly & helpful
Very pleasant staff at reception and guide in the tower room. Guidebook is an excellent publication and good value. 
The staff were great. Not all visitors were wearing masks or socially distancing. It wasn't clear if certain routes had passing places or not so spiral stair cases could have done with a different system if not one way... 
Very helpful, staff approached my children and offered the devices for listening to history along the way.
The member of staff in the main room was fantastic in taking time to explain to us the many fables covering the walls. She was brilliant! Having a similarly, enthusiastic and knowledgeable person in each of the key rooms would have made for a more informative visit. Much of the audio tour content for the first room was already written on exhibition pieces.
Shame the cafe was closed 
Polite and informative staff a credit to your organisation 
There’s few green stop for scan to listen. Sometimes I was missing the way to the next place. The sign for one way direction isn’t very clear. 
Very good all round
The staff in the castle were very friendly and knowledgeable about the history.
Warm welcome, efficient and effective communication
Only had 1 hour due to needing to close for cleaning, would of been good to know this before arriving as 1 hour is not enough to see the whole place and there wasn’t anywhere close by for lunch
The lady at reception was really friendly, passionate. She deserves some credit. She fussed our little ones and made the experience extra special. 
Very interesting beautiful place. Staff were helpful, knowledge & friendly. 
Had a very warm welcome from all staff, especially the really lovely lady in the ticket office
Very impressed with the staff . They were so lovely and so informative about the castle. We thoroughly enjoyed the visit and will visit again in the future 
Perfect day.  I have seen over 55 castles in my life and I went here because when I visited Castle Dracula aka Bran Castle, in Transylvania in Romania I was told that this castle is very similar and it did not disappoint.  To me this is the best castle I have ever seen in my life., I just do not understand why it is not in the Guinness Book of World record.  I felt so home and I could almost feel that I have been here before, it was just an amazing experience. Would like to visit again, but living in London can be quite difficult to get there and the hotels are not exactly on the cheaper side.
Very rainy so limited interaction with staff but still a pleasant visit
There were high winds on the day we visited. We were advised the castle would need to close and we were given the option of a refund or a personal tour for our safety. We opted for personal tour and were very pleased with the service and help and concern for our safety during our visit.Better signage is needed from the bus stop. 
Audio information of points of interest throughout the site was most welcome and extremely interesting (well done Cadw).
Absolutely thrilled to come to all the beautiful places & use our membership 
I absolutely loved Castell Coch! It's a stunning place and the free audio guide was much appreciated. The only improvement I could think of is if there were costumes available so I could dress up and roam the balcony like a medieval princess. I should add my husband was not entirely enthusiastic about this idea though.
Thanks for a great visit.  
Signposting for disabled car park nearer castle would be beneficial although I don't think a disabled person could 
get anywhere inside 
I had chance to visit 3 bears cave
More than met my expectations.  Fabulous site. Clean. Glad we visited.  Highly recommend to others.  
Beautiful place and very easy to visit.
We were very impressed with the fact you’ve managed to implement a one way system in a monument that’s been there for hundreds of years! Impressive stuff which in no way diminished our visit. We felt safe and had a really great time. Thank you.
We were told the castle was closing early for the day and we could only stay 30 mins. When mentioning this to another member of staff he said it was only closing for lunch!!!!!!
Really enjoyable
Disappoint that no refreshments were available.
Your website is very difficult to book on, almost gave up, also wouldn’t have gone if no booking as it states you must book, you may be loosing many customers through it, otherwise much enjoyed.




As someone unfamiliar with the area I felt there could be better signposting to the site and certainly a clearer sign at the entrance.  My admittedly out-dated sat nav did not recognise the post code for Castell Coch as shown on your website, and the e-mail covering the tickets did not have a link to directions.  Other than that the visit was excellent and I appreciate that the site to as many steps to open as possible in these times - sadly other indoor sites (English Heritage and local councils) remain closed or very limited access.
Only, but significant, downpoint was that two lots of audio guide equipment I was given did not work. Also the ongoing requirement to wear a mask resulted in my spectacles being permantently steamed up, so could not easily read what info boards were present.  So this detracted from my gaining full pleasure from the visit.  I noticed many others also having problems with the audio kit.  Maybe worth supplementing with more info boards in the room, in case the technology fails.
Missed the lovely cafe
It's lovely, we've before we had kids but will def come again once they're bigger too. Our 5 year old loved it. 
Sign posting lacking in places
Shame the fairy app wasn’t working - our grandchildren were very disappointed.
The car park could do with better signage to say drive to the top and then down the hill to park as the cars were all parked different ways round making the car park more full than it truly was
Signage was very confusing. Orange arrows implied it was one-way (especially spiral staircases) but it certainly was not. Lots of “am I going the wrong way?”  Several times, emerging from a stair case, I was faced with two separate arrows pointing in opposite directions. It would help if each said, eg “first time” and “second time”, so visitors would know which way to go first. Although audio guides were a good idea, I was not given any assurance that they had been sanitised. Hand gel very sticky - one of the worst I have encountered!
We followed this visit to Castell Coch with a trip to Caerphilly Castle. The member of staff working in your giftshop at Castell Coch was able to give us excellent advice on travelling to Caerphilly, parking etc. 
It was a very well presented castle, the audio was informative.
none
Wedding anniversary, 10 years (to the minute!) since we got married in castell coch
will be returning in the future! loved it 
When I booked and realised there were staggered half hour timings to enter, I thought we’d be hurried, but at no point did I feel that we were rushed, especially as my 6 yo granddaughter is very interred in anything historical, and likes to take her time!
It was great!
Really beautiful and unusual place. 
Lovely visit just wish I could use the spiral stairs with my 4 year old. Going up was ok but coming down was difficult. I didn’t think about this part ! But we had a nice time anyhow 
I wasn't aware before my visit that you are only allowed to stay for a short period of time
I really liked the way the rooms were set out - not too much information, so you could take in the splendour of the rooms. Really good idea to put all the information about the paintings and the symbolism in a separate room, out of the way so the rooms themselves aren't so cluttered. Loved the interactive plates in the kitchen - a good way to keep the kids amused quietly! A beautiful fairytale castle. 

Perhaps there could be more information on the Cadw website about the local waymarked walks one can do in the surrounding forest, but that is a minor point.
Very enjoyable, but shame the cafe was closed.
Just loved it and I hope to be back soon!
We very much enjoyed our visit. The staff were very friendly and helpful.
Pawb wedi mwynhau mas draw.Neis I weld y castell yn brysur.Diolch am ail agor y castell.Staff yn gyfeillgar ac yn hapus.
Absolutely beautiful castle my little girl loved it a true princess castle lovely staff can’t say anything bad at all fabulous trip for all the family 
Felt too many people were at Monument, difficult to socially distance. Monument needs to be open more days per week to dilute visitor numbers.
We had a very nice visit.
We thought the plastic princesses in the gift shop were very overpriced at £6.50!
There was no obvious warning that one had to book online first. My grand daughter was disappointed when we turned away the first time we visited. Not happy
Fantastic.
We didn't feel rushed during our visit & the provision of a laminated map was very helpful. 
A beautiful castle that deserves to be cared for for future generations
So pleased to see that Castell Coch is being looked after properly and that the history and story behind it is being displayed for us all to enjoy.  Well done Cadw!
Birthday surprise for my partner who has wanted to visit since she was little. 
We reallt enjoyed. The only thing that could have been improved was the option to purchae coffee somewhere on site. Thanks
We loved the castle.
The family members with me were from South Africa and were so impressed by the history and architecture.
Excellent thoroughly enjoyed 
Castle was impressive, disappointed cafe wasn’t open as had to drive to get food. Shop could have a wider choice for all pockets. No where to get a drink. 
Excellent visit and throughly enjoyable
No.
Wish there was a cafe on site too. 
With my husband and a group of visiting friends
A lovely castle to visit
Yes, the booking process was really bad. Firstly I wanted to confirm if we could take guests as Cadw life members, but all information online was just for English Heritage and Scottish Heritage, not Cadw. I rang the booking line, but although the lady I spoke to was helpful, she didn't know. We did work out that we could book as Cadw members and sort it out when arriving at the site.
Secondly, when I did try booking online, choosing the appropriate mix of children / adults and Cadw and English Heritage members, only half of the booked tickets ever showed in my basket despite it saying there were places available. I then phoned back, and a lovely helpful lady tried her best, but couldn't get it to work either. And, all this time the tickets were going quite quickly, so there were less choices of time available.
She had suggested that it would actually be quicker to get in the car and drive to the site to book the tickets in person, when I tried booking everyone in as Cadw member adults and that seemed to work for a later time. 
So in the end we got it booked (although not for the time I wanted and which said was available), but it took over an hour and was very frustrating.
All the actual people I dealt with were lovely though during the booking process and the visit. I felt very sorry for the lady doing the booking who was going to have to deal with these problems all day - it was evident that this wasn't an isolated incident.
one way system is useful regardless of covid but some covid rules could be relaxed e. g. allowing more people in given that we are now in level 0. I saw some people being refused entry. There were loads of space inside the Castle and would still have felt very safe having more people in. This comment is also valid for Caerphilly castle where I went last week - definitely more people could have been allowed.
Finally, I'm a bit surprised by the lunch break at lunch time and the whole castle being shut, I don't remember of this happening before covid... 
The information on panels on site was fantastic. Very informative.

It would be great if here was some sort of quiz to do on the way around. Also a coffee facility would be amazing
if you go to south wales then you have to check out castle Coch
my grand daughters loved it (fairy castle)

Just that the site was as interesting & fantastic as the website suggested; thank you!
We have really enjoyed our visits to a number of cadw sites this summer, so thank you for getting them open and safe!
It could be a little more child friendly 
Although not Cadw members we are both English Heritage members.
Visit felt rushed and to many people on the stairwells. 
This was of particular interest because we have visited Knightshayes House in Devon interiors designed by William Burgess.
My two daughters had been really excited to see the fairies via the app and trying to find them in the castle so we’re very upset to find it not working. 
I booked the tickets on 28 August and the website indicated our visit could be from 16.00 hrs to 18.00 hrs, this suited us well as our daughter and grandchildren were travelling back to Surrey after the visit and we planned to have a picnic in the grounds after visiting the castle.   However, when we arrived we noted that from September onwards the site closes at 5.30 p.m.; in fact, the castle itself was closed from just before 5.00 p.m.   While we had time to view the castle, it was disappointing that we couldn't spend more time outside afterwards and surely it is possible to adjust the website to indicate the change of closing time.   
I took my 3 year old grand daughter who loves castles, fairies and princesses. We had attempted to visit before but didn’t realise we needed tickets, however, I was so happy we could book this time. We have visited Cardiff and Caerphilly castle and had a good experience.
The only issue was that the fairy app was not working which was really disappointing.
In all honesty I found it pretty boring. Sorry n fact will not be returning 
Will definitely bring other members of the family
Had a really enjoyable time at the site. Plenty to see and the hand held audio units were very informative.
Only minor drawback was the lack of a cafe but a member of staff  gave us directions to a nice cafe nearby. All the staff were really welcoming.
Very poor signage, approaching from major road from the north, Merthyr Tydfil, then had to ask  at nearby Holiday Inn.
Had always seen the castle in passing along the M4 decided had to visit when time permitted.
Would have been useful to have a small cafe with drinks as a very hot day.
A small outlet that sells drinks and coffee would be great ! 
Sad that the tea room was not open
Very pleasantly surprised by the interior.
No, thank you.
I visited here, then Caerphilly Castle. It was a really good experience.
I loved it especially the guided tour handset 
Being still under some Covid regulations the pod listening guides were invaluable. 
All staff were friendly and  helpful but we would like to mention Tim and his helpfulness to us. We were grateful 
 grateful for  the extra information he gave us about the decorations and furniture when we met him in Lady Bute's room.
Thoroughly enjoyed it and will go back to walk part of the Taff trail
Lovely castle. Was with the 50 minute travel, also thought the gift shop had some lovely things 
We had tickets at 12 but the castle shut at 1pm, so we had to rush our visit. It wasn’t made apparent when we booked that it would shut at 1pm - indeed tickets were on sale for later in the day, so this seemed odd. £20 for a family for a rushed visit isn’t great value, though the castle is beautiful 
It would be great to have more interactive events on fir the children. 
We have always loved visiting Castell Coch because it's just wonderful. It's been exciting to be able to move around most of the rooms freely. We were therefore disappointed that most rooms are now roped off in part. We weren't sure whether this is a permanent change or just covid-related.  It was a great shame not to be able to fully appreciate the craftsmanship around the rooms.  On the other side, we were impressed by some of the new interactive exhibits.  Those in the boiler room were particularly imaginative and great fun. Thanks for your work. 
Lovely to be back! Felt really safe there, numbers well managed & staff visibly cleaning whilst there, really good to see 
loved the kitchen display with the projection of food onto the plates on the dresser, very clever!
We loved it it was beautiful
I stood in the same spot I had done 35 previously with my late grandfather, a very emotional moment. My great grandfather (Kernick) also fitted the electrics at the Castell so this place holds a strong place in my heart! Thank you
Very enjoyable. Pity no refreshments but appreciate the nature of the site. Also ENGLISH Heritage accommodated re:entry BUT not for discount in shop. We spent £120 on one item alone but could have discount as not Cadw members. Why would we be when we already have EH membership. Think reciprocal arrangement should be granted for discounts. 
One of our group has balance issues and finds going down steps difficult. I feel that you should clearly state the amount of steps to each tower, not only on the website but at the bottom of each tower. So for example, one tower had 21 winding steps to one room, followed by another 30 steps to the next.  If that had been stated at the bottom of the tower, it would have given our family member the information  to decide if she wanted to proceed.
Enjoyed my visit and the lovely decoration inside the building.
there is a problem with one of the signs to Castell Coch being partly obscured. It seems the staff are aware of this but can't get anything done about it.
Nice castle shame only got 1hr to visit place closed at 1pm and our ticket was for 12pm so it was a bit rushed 
Shame they have to close at lunch time a outside loo would be useful as Cade are not
A really enjoyable afternoon that left us both feeling that we would definitely return a t some stage during the year. The hand held audio guides were excellent and really added to our experience. We purchased a printed guidebook - so far we have only flicked through it but will read from cover to cover this evening. The circling buzzards provided us with an additional attraction. Our only criticism was the lack of toilet paper in the ladies toilet.
Great visit, excellent staff particularly the person who met and greeted us. However we couldn't understand why the cafe wasn't open. Most other cafes have opened many months ago after Covid and their procedures mean that we feel very safe. This feels like a missed opportunity which also detracts from the customer experience - it is great to combine a visit to a lovely piece of history such as Castle Coch with a coffee and cake!! 
Absolutely loved it ❤ 
Really enjoyed it and felt that Cadw were taking all sensible precautions. 
I was saddened by the weathering effect on the inside of the Castle walls causing damp peeling plasterwork to spoil some of the rooms decor. Although this was acknowledged by various signs posted around the site I hope this is something Cadw can get to grips with and address as soon as possible.
Everything around the grounds and inside was very clean and neat. The only improvement I would like to see is a bigger entrance sign to the castle as it's easy to miss and difficult to find somewhere to turn around.
A bigger sign at the entrance gate would be beneficial.
A really enjoyable visit
One way system works well, wish this was always a thing even pre covid.
We have recently moved into the area and Castle Coch was on our list of places to visit. I can honestly say we were not disappointed, the upkeep of the place is a credit to your staff. 
amazing place could maybe do with some more information boards
I found the ticket office experience to be simpler and easier than usual.
Excellent visit - wonderful building. 
A lovely place with great staff
I am English heritage members so that got us in for free
It was unclear from the website how long I had to arrive after the stated arrival time. I'd assumed that I could arrive any time up to the next time slot but this wasn't the case. Clearer information would make it easier to plan the visit.
Your web site is not good. Castell Coch was not available to book until a few days before visit. No explanation. Caerphilly Castle did not mention it was closed for filming Mon and Tuesday until we arrived at site…..
Cant  believe how  well  kept the castle  was kept. 
Yes, please open the tea room. 😉 
The brochure is off high quality and very informative.. well worth the cost. Castellated Coch  is amazingly well kept and beautiful and we’ll be recommending friends to visit it. CADW deserves congratulating for what it has done. 
A pity there was no cafe.
At Castell Coch there could have been some information about the forest/ forest walks.
Lovely place, could wander at leisure with no pressure to move in swiftly. Very much enjoyed the trip
Staff were friendly and helpful we left to go for a short walk by the castle ..but I needed to use a toilet and the staff member kindly let me back in ..
Very glad my friend could book her ticket on the spot so she could enter with me.
A leaflet with floor plans would be useful.
There is a one way system place, and it could be confusing sometimes to figure out where to go next. Once we engaged with the 'option C' on the listening devices these were very clear and effective. One suggestion though might be to number the rooms, so it's clear if you've accidentally skipped one :)  
Friends from Pembroke visiting so I took them to see Castell Cock as it somewhat different from any other castle 
It's lovely the site is open again and the one way system in place made me feel very comfortable. I also felt relieved that people are asked to wear masks inside. 
Well organized and nice and quiet
Your website did not tell me that you shut for lunch so our visit felt pressured even though we had enough time to see the castle. Had no time for gift shop. Also, no info during booking of Country Life offer which we have used before
The staff were very helpful. They explained everything we needed to know about the best route to take to see the monument. 
Better signage for toilets would be good.
I enjoyed it very much and thought that the audio information was very interesting. 
Enjoyed my visit 
Great place, friendly staff. 
My friends were visiting from Bedfordshire & they were very impressed 
Booked 12.00am slot for entrance and only allowed to stay for an hour because staffs are having lunch break at 13.00pm. Spent £20, one hour journey for only one hour stay! The site should remove the 12am booking, it’s a ripoff!!
I have mobility problems and it does warn it may not be suitable. I found the amount of stairs too hard for me. There was a one way system but that didnt stop you crossing people on the Stairs
One of the main reasons we visited was to go fairy hunting, as my 5 year old granddaughter was very excited at this opportunity. Unfortunately the App was not functioning and we were unable to do so. She was given stickers of the fairies which she loved but she was disappointed.
We have visited before but, on this occasion, we took our 3 year old grandson with us - he loves to visit castles. He loved it, especially climbing the spiral staircase to the bedrooms and then going down to the dungeon - which was scary!
We enjoyed our visit and to have it on our doorstep is a real bonus.
Signposting from A470 needs improving - one key sign missing
Difficult to access via public transport. Taxis v expensive and difficult to book. We had to wait an hour to return to Cardiff
Signposting to site is very poor
Loved the whole experience. The audio really helped to get the feel of the castle
The speed bumps in the car park are not clear. Covered with leaves and no signs. Went over one speed bump at top of the car park which was not visible and thought it had damaged car, but luckily had not. 
My two children loved the experience which suddenly became amazing when they realised that the site had been used as a Dr Who Location 
Nothing I can think of.
The audio commentary “machine” was very good, and it worked😊
Please open the cafe !!. It was a wonderful visit.  Staff were so very helpful, knowledgeable and nothing was too much trouble. A real credit and excellent front facing staff representing CADW
I was so impressed by the guided tour, the information wasn’t too wordy and easy to follow. The rooms were beautiful and the restoration and maintenance team clearly do a great job at keeping everything pristine so we can enjoy it 
Thoroughly enjoyed it 
1st visit as we were visiting elsewhere
Enjoyed the castle very much but only comment would be if it’s possible to install more lighting on the spiral staircases? 
We thought Castell Coch was an incredible place that was so different to some of CADW’s properties. We will definitely visit again and have recommended to friends and family. The way that the sight is laid out and the level of interactivity was brilliant. Our 3 year old daughter particularly loved looking for the animal carvings around the castle. 
To note again about the difference your staff made to our visit. 
Our children loved the audio guide as we went around. 
The little audio equipment things were fabulous
Loved it 
We thoroughly enjoyed. Can’t wait to visit the next one. 
Also this is a great activity to do what ever the weather as there are indoor bits and outdoor 
The castle was well laid out with clear signage for route and access. Also site was very clean with plenty of sanitisation points
We had a lovely time
Enjoyed the experience of ‘Maud’ the grandchildren especially. Was well organised, lots of stairs😂😂. Enjoyable
My Mum was visiting from yorkshire
I’m from Cardiff but live in Kent these days. Wonderful to return with my young family and enjoy the reciprocal benefits of English Heritage membership.
The staff at Castell Coch were brilliant.
We thought there could have been more written information about the building. The kitchen was sparse. There was insufficient information about the amount and type of food prepared. Also what food was available for guests and family and what was available for servants. 
Such a well kept monument.
Staff were very pleasant and helpful. They’re a credit to the team, thank you for a great afternoon out.
Beautiful, well kept castle. Plenty of sanitising stations available to use. Loved the hands on exhibits/ activities available for the children. 
A few benches in the grounds and car park area would be useful for visitors. 
We saw marauding maudes show. It was outstanding! Very clever how it was set out, great actors, very atmospheric. 
Maybe mirrors to help know if people are intending to go up or come down from one of the towers.  It was difficult to ask an older person or a group of people to back up when children were coming down/ going up!
The mysterious maud event was excellent, we really enjoyed it.
I took my three grandsons aged 8yrs-12yrs and when questioned by their parents on their visit to the castle they replied ''Excellent.''



I enjoyed it very much. The walk in the forest outside the castle is pretty impressive too, especially during this season.
Yes, I have emailed the site directly. Apart from my comments above, I also wrote:
On entering the castle we were welcomed. It was explained that we would be using the whole building which took several people by surprise. Although we know the castle quite well we had basically assumed that the performance would use the ground and first floors. My wife, who has arthritis, together with some others said that they wouldn’t be able to manage the stairs so they ended up watching the performance on the TV screen. I knew from the website that this was an option but I innocently thought it would only be needed for wheelchair users. As the performance progressed we moved around the castle and it was quite fun to discover areas I’d not been in before, especially at night; however you did need to be fairly fleet of foot to keep up, as some of the stairways are very uneven. My wife did join us for the final tableau but felt she had wasted her evening.

 

So two main points, really.

 

The organisation at the start of the evening was shambolic. None of the staff (?techies) seemed to know what was happening. It should have been far better organised, with staff in high-viz vests and carrying torches directing us.
There should have been a far clearer warning on the website that the performance would involve spectators moving around so much in narrow and steep passages; in fact – despite the provision of the TV screen – it should have been marked as being unsuitable for those with difficulties in mobility.
Our only issue was the unclear circulation around the building. It may have been us but we found the paper signs and instructions on the audio guide somewhat confusing. 
We attended some theatre which was excellent and a really fun way to experience the space
Staggered entry worked well so we could explore at our own pace rather than being bunched together with other visitors.
Great that so much was still available to see.
As a member of English heritage it is nice to visit monuments held by CADW  and love the many places we have been so far.
the opportunity to visit the site out of normal hours was great
Saw the Mysterious Maud show and thought it was fantastic, Castle goch was an unbelievable setting for this.
Great stuff :) 
Lovely visit. Useful audio guide. Somewhere to have acup of tea would have been lovely. 
Very enjoyable, also saw Mysterious Maud. 
I think Cadw should do more theatre and immersive experiences at the historic sites. 
excellent group of actors
friendly, informative and very professional.
No.  We really enjoyed our visit and the free audio tour that we also used
fantastic event in a beautiful fairy castle.  the staff were very helpful.
good parking. well lit. 
Was great to see a show inside the castle, however I had some issues with the production. 
We watched ‘mysterious Maud’ - it was very weird but totally excellent. Age group from 11- 44 and it was entertaining to all
It was a special theatre event. A really nice new way to experience a site I know well. Great work - more like this please! 
Excellent entertainment
Just a great day out. Thank
You 
Making historic sites and monuments available for dance presentation is especially effective in reaching a different audience and bringing a monument to life. It was an inspired and engaging idea, and I will now recommend Castell Coch as a site for family and friends to visit which otherwise I wouldn't have been aware of. 
It would have been nice if the coffee shop had been opened.
As stated previously
We had a great experience 
I was disappointed that people were not reminded to wear masks and that it is a legal requirement in Wales. I was disappointed that the staff member did not know this.

I thought castel coch was magical and would visit again if I could be sure that covid rules would be followed.
Very enjoyable visit
 Daughter travelled down with husband from Sunbury on Thames specifically to go to show
Very good  response from her
Opening the castle after-hours and being able to experience it at night and by using stairways and areas not usually open to the public was so exciting.
The voluntary precipitation certainly didn't dampen my spirits on the visit. Such a great place that sells itself perhaps more on its unforgettable interior.
We’re originally from birmingham and are visiting family in Port Talbot. 
My partner and I took visiting friends and they loved it
Fantastic site and lovely friendly staff. Good covid procedures 
None
I enjoyed it, but the one way system wasn't always clear.  it would have been useful having a bit more information on boards as we went around (the child I went with didn't want to use audio)
Very interesting- would love to visit again.
I love the place. The one guide in the aesop room was really great.
In some places the paint work is  coming off the walls.
I don't mind, but other new visitors may
Very enjoyable
I really enjoyed the audio guide. It's a great addition to the site. My child loved all the Xmas decorations - it really helped set the scene. My child also enjoyed the hands on activities in the basement, and the art one (we had our own paper and crayons)
Will be lovely to see Castell Coch back to the superb condition it was in around a decade ago. But nice to see some changes there which will add to children's enjoyment. And lovely to see the Christmas decorations around the rooms.
It was a shame we were asked to leave after an hour due to closing for lunch and this wasn't made clear when booking
We tried 3x times to contact the castle by email and nobody answered us.
Just to state how welcoming and friendly the staff were, Santa was also a great experience.  The room was stunning and very tastefully dressed 
Please say a big thank you to Santa who was there on the Sunday afternoon. He was amazing
We went to visit Santa and it was lovely. Really magical experience. 
My sons first Santa visit due to last year 
Dim ond gwych! gwych! gwych!
No all very good, will definitely book for next year 
Santa was lovely( but needed to whiten his beard!!). staff were amazing kids really loved it
A truly magical place to visit. With  great one way system implemented for covid safety 
Free and easy parking is great. 
Amount of people allowed on one visit spot on. 
Bitterly disappointed that having booked tickets that morning around 9.30 because my son had been asking for weeks, that i was told on arrival at 11.30 that it was closing at 12.30 due to omicron. No further details given and I was suprised i was even allowed to book for a slot at 11.30 when cadw knew the site would be shut shortly.  Not good value for money. 
The site closed for lunch!? I don't recall being told this upon arrival
I thought the audio guide was great. Not too dense and gave me the choice of how much I wanted to hear. Brilliant. Made my sisters trip to Wales a bit more special. 
The Christmas trees in place made the visit feel very festive, which we weren't really expecting. It was the first time we have taken our 3yo twins to a Castle and they really loved the experience.
The tour was well laid out and my grandson loved visiting the towers
Christmas visit with family members.
I proposed to my partner here, she said yes!
There were some issues with social distancing and too many people in a small space. I spoke to staff about it after and they were very friendly apologetic and appreciative of feedback. Apart from that a good visit
Would be nice to have space for our motorhome  in the car park, it was a tight squeeze under the trees.
I felt if you didn’t know the site already you may have missed out. It needed more information signs eg about the Aesop fables - things to spot for children.
The film of food projected on to plates was good in the kitchen 
I was quite shocked to see the degree of deterioration in the upper rooms - water damage to plaster & the painting on it. I regularly take visitors to Castell Coch, it is beautiful, but it easy to go round (our granddaughters are 14 & 11, so it didn't need to be too long). We all enjoyed it, but without substantial (and no doubt expensive) restoration it is not going to attract visitors if it degrades anymore. I guess two years without substantial revenue has taken its toll. Sad to see.
The castle was in great condition, well looked after. The site had just the right amount of people visiting at the time we went to feel covid safe. The children's building and boiler pipe activities were fun for my 10 year old, who likes to get hands on.
Felt we had to rush round a bit as they were closing at 12:30 (presumably due to bank holiday) but I wasn’t made aware of that when I bought my ticket online 
Very enjoyable.
Audio guides were helpful and easy to use. Altogether we were very pleased we visited 
I don't know if you always use the allocated time slots or whether that's due to Covid?  It was Christmas time when we went and still quite busy so goodness knows what it's like in the summer time; if the allocated time slots are not used under "normal" times perhaps it might be worth considering because there was time to look at things without loads of people in your way!  Selfish point of view, sorry, but we thoroughly enjoyed the visit and will come back in the summer time - just to get a different perspective.  Lovely place to visit with great staff.
Loved the information machines you point at stations and listen to.
Loved it 
Disappointed their was no cafe
Free audio is a good idea although needed the site staff to give greater depth
It would’ve been great to be able to get a coffee or have lunch at the castle
Was not aware that site closed for lunch so our time was restricted. So disapointed
I couldn't see where the cafe was, but we didn't need a drink, so this was not a problem. I hope there are more toilets there. .just one unisex facility didn't seem enough somehow.
Well signed in an attempt to keep visitors safe.
We had a fabulous time & very much enjoyed seeing castle coch again but it was sad to see water damage to the walls & decoration in places
The audio guide worked very well and was very useful. Should have left the guide booklet at reception to collect later as climbing stairs holding guide and using audio was awkward on stairs. Something reception staff could offer when you enter. 
My children love visiting CADW sites, every site we have been to has offered so much for them at a young age even with covid restrictions.
Castell Coch was a fabulous morning visit, a high-point of our weekend. It is simply stunning and we couldn't work out why it doesn't get more coverage and attention in the Welsh and UK national press.
No
With guests visiting Cardiff from America.
The ropes in the Drawing Room have been repositioned since my last visit.

This has had several negative effects

Visitors are not able to look at the detail of the decoration in and on the fireplace or in the window alcoves

Visitors are unable to socially distance as the area visitors can use in the room is now pretty small.

Vistitors are much more likely to come into physical contact with the delicate plaster decoration and panelling around the doorways whilst entering or leaving the room whilst trying to give space to other visitors.
Staff were very helpful and friendly and informative about the rooms. Really enjoyed our visit.
maybe a small cafeteria so after the walkabout, one can sit down and admire the inner court yard of the castle
Travelled by bus