A very friendly welcome, though we didn’t have much call to refer to the staff as the signage was excellent throughout.
Excellent staff who were all friendly and professional 
None
Croeso cynnes a diogel 
It was amazing, friendly staff,beautiful views, me and my family enjoyed every moment of our visit
Very pleasant bilingual welcomed to take the tickets by the gate. Otherwise we had no interaction.
There were some archeology guys digging a few areas and explained to us what they were looking for and told my 10yr old that she could look over the areas and see what was there. This was brilliant for her as she loves archeology 
Friendly and well informed 
Friendly staff as usual!
Beautifully clean loos, lots of hand sanitizers around. So much better than a nearby National Trust property.
Really wonderful castle, really helpful & friendly staff. Active presence cleaning touch points throughout the castle & toilets. Really enjoyed our day. 
The staff were very welcoming and happy to talk
Very polite, helpful and pleasant. 
I love this Castle!
Welcoming staff at the entrance and at the gift shop. I have also contacted the customer service for information before purchasing the tickets and they were very helpful. 
Very helpful staff in identifying which areas were OK for us to visit with my disabled husband in a wheelchair and for giving me a disposable mask, having left mine in the car (my husband had his).
We didn't ask about the CADW products or local area
Well laid out information and fun interactive screens. Not so good for a technophobe (88 year old) as instructions only useful if used to technology. Diagrams on walls as to how use would be useful. One room visoe not working on prssing English version. This was model room. Did not try Welsh button as don't speak the language. Picked time when children back in school when expected lower visitor numbers. Still  popular though but able to socially distance effectively. Other visitors considerate. 88 year old managed turrets and walkways. Care needed on turret stair and room junctions but reasonably well lit. Good hand rail support. Information on ballistae etc.informative. Difficult to work out where mill wheel and overshot/undershot water access was with weeds being so tall. Also kitchen and brewery in same condition. Will be nice if these could be cleared and viewed more easily as well. Loved the dragons and the recorded tale. Great fun for kids and (those in their 2nd/3rd childhood or never left)
Pleasant staff all around!
Great day out
we were not offered a brochure guide
Very clear information on what way to go round the castle. Wondered if we could take the dog next time and a staff member confirmed that dogs were allowed but would have to stay on the ground floor and on the lead. It could be clearer on the website if dogs are allowed to enter.
They were very welcoming and helpful. The Curator even recommended us a restaurant where we could have lunch. 
We had the best morning out! It was a great location and everyone was so friendly and so proud to show off such an amazing Welsh Landmark.
The agency staff member in the giftshop was very helpful 
The one way system wasn't clear in places such as spiral staircases so we kept going up and missed parts that we then couldn't go back to. 
I know the castle well. Entry was straightforward and efficient. Staff were friendly and helpful.
My children and I very much enjoyed our visit the the castle and the surrounding grounds. The one way system not only provided us with comfort and confidence with the continuing COVID issues but it also provided us with a clear direction around the castle to seeder and explore all areas. Great effort. 
Longer queue for people who had pre booked tickets than for people just turning up because we all arrived at 2pm. Staff know in advance how many people are booked in so seems a little unfair to make us wait.
Enthusiastic, friendly and accommodating
The staff seemed cheerful - don't underestimate the importance of this.
Excellent service from everyone I met on site
We didn’t have or require much interaction with the staff, but those we did meet were friendly, professional and intuitive to people’s needs- for example I saw them approach others to see if they had questions, but they left me alone so I could focus on managing my toddler - which was very much appreciated!
The site was lovely and clean 
Staff were very helpful. The lady cleaning the toilets was very helpful and efficient. The toilets were very clean
Friendly, warm and welcoming 
Staff were very professional, courteous and displayed very good customer facing skills.
We loved Caerphilly Castle and enjoyed our trip very much, thank you :-)
Because we visit fairly frequently we don’t need to ask about the monument history or local area
We had a very enjoyable visit thank you. We are English Heritage members and our booking and entry was handled efficiently and politely. The monument itself was fantastic and the Covid protocols were efficiently managed with a well thought out one way system. 
We had a lovely day and enjoyed our visit. Greeted by friendly, happy staff.
Caerphilly Castle absolutely BANGS!!! Staff were amazing and the site was super coooool
the people I spoken to were friendly and helpful and cheerfful

That was awesome - what a great experience! I loved that my wife and I were able to just explore at our own pace, and how the castle was just left for us to do things in the order that we wanted. That was an amazing experience! As an American who had never seen a building older than the 18th century, this was a truly unique site that I won't forget!
Very helpful; directed us to a nice café afterwards. One way signage was good around the site but disappeared at one point (a tower which I guess maybe couldn’t have a one-way system put in place as only one set of stairs? But would’ve been good to make that clear). Visit was excellent overall. 
Lovely friendly staff, really liked the interactive areas for the children. Very impressed with how it is all set out, and the one way system was great too. Items in the gift shop were very nice and not the usual rubbish. Bought some Christmas presents as the quality of the products was so good
Really enjoyed our trip out to the castle
I didn't see many staff so didn't really talk to them
They were friendly but as they were only at the gift shop I can't comment on anything beyond retail.
Every one was very helpful 
very pleasant & welcoming
They welcomed us and explained where to go and what to. They were lovely
You should have more alignment with local businesses, so they benefit from your 1 hour lunch break!
Staff seemed very friendly. 
Polite and friendly service 
The man in the great hall was very friendly and informative 
Welcoming and friendly staff
Very friendly
Info about parking and signpost to entrance would have been helpful 
Excellent service, very friendly and good with my children
Quite disappointed due to suck little to see inside the castle 
We were the only ones there and I had 2 children but no effort was made by staff at all to engage them or to talk about the castle - real shame as the castle itself is incredible!
Friendly staff upon entry, didn’t speak to any staff further than that, but there were staff present for any questions.
Not helpful in an emergency - A separate email has been sent about this incident 
Very helpful and informative
Please put your website right!  It said the site opens at 1.30pm so we had to wait outside for half an hour because it actually opens at 2pm!!
We only saw one member of the staff who was at the reception desk in the shop. She was very pleasant but we didn't see anyone else that I remember.
The staff we spoke to were polite and knowledgeable 
Fantastic staff! 
Good advice given about further sites to visit
I didn’t interact much so it is difficult to say. People were very nice when I did see them.
The staff were exceptional. They were kind  courteous and helpful.
Happy smiling faces greeting
Just to say that we had never been to this castle before but would recommend it to family and friends. We had a great afternoon 
Fantastic day exploring and learning the history of the castle
Very friendly and helpful staff
Excellent 
The staff were very friendly and helpful with locating places 
Limited interaction with staff, so can’t really comment
Other that the receptionist on entry I didn't see or speak to any other staff
We got kicked out at 12:30 as the place closed for lunch! And the staff were very insistent and pretty rude about this. It seems odd because there appeared to be three people present so not sure why they could not cover the lunch? 
Staff were very nice and welcoming. 
Knowledgeable about the local birds
The arrows showing 1 way system were few and far between,  also visitors had no respect for a : the one way system.  B: social distancing! 
They were curtious and greeted us well and left us to enjoy the castle and all its wonders.
All very friendly 
They were very friendly
did not speak to any staff
Should arrange more people in different areas, then we can be handy to ask questions
Very nice friendly staff
Staff wore face masks I know what rule.  When we arrived the entry. We told them we are deaf  . I show them my mobile ticket my name and disabled.  We wore face masks.  I remove my face mask.  Read lip read. Before entry..   Staff remove face mask for I mins for we can read lip what staff say.  
The gentleman at the welcome desk was very friendly and helpful.
Staff were pleasant and helpful
We were greeted by very friendly knowledge staff.  At the end of our visit all 3 staff were able to assist me in locating a local pub I had previously been unable to find.
The staff on site were very friendly and helpful. I had a lovely day out with my friend and we can’t wait to visit another cadw site to keep discovering these amazing places
Made aware  of wet conditions and told to be careful
Did not ask
The staff were great, they pointed out the stuff my children would enjoy such as the interactive table and the dragons.
Lovely lady on secondment from castle coch, chatted happily about the castle and my dogs for some time - really made me feel welcome. I didn't catch her name, but she had long, straight dark hair.
It would be great that they told us things about the monuments
Lovely welcome and well managed. Would be happy to come back again
Loved the castle and the staff first time I’ve ever been and felt well looked after and welcome
I have a monument pass for Caerphilly castle and visit often. Without exception the staff are helpful and friendly.
Friendly and helpful
Wedi cael prynhawn pleserus yn ymweld gyda'r castell. 
Such a friendly staff there!
Very welcoming on arrival and took time to explain the route round the castle. A member of staff in the great hall came across to tell us about it. 
I hadn’t been to Caerphilly since 1981 on a school trip. The member of staff in the shop couldn’t have been nicer, clear explanation of where to go, one way system, where the wc’s were etc.
The staff were very friendly and seemed like they could communicate in Welsh, if I could have. They were well presented and interacted with me and my family very well.
Staff in the shop visitor centre were very friendly and welcoming 
Welcomed at the reception.  A fantastic castle!  Well sign posted and everywhere clean and tidy.  We'll be back!
Very good experience and staff were friendly and efficient 
Wrth ein boddau gyda'r croeso cynnes i ni a'n hymwelwyr a oedd yn aelodau English Heritage.
Greeted in a friendly manner and gave us brief instructions.
lovely lady on desk
One member of staff seemed very unhappy and suspicious of families. Everyone else was lovely and friendly.
Staff was very friendly and a pleasure to talk to
The service was great, we loat our child’s toy during the visit and the staff had picked it up and it waited for us at the visitor centre.
Very friendly & welcoming 
Fab volunteer inside the East gatehouse- didn’t catch her name but very knowledgeable and friendly. Give her a pat on the back please!
I'm learning Welsh and staff were very helpful and seemed pleased at my efforts to speak Welsh.I was unable to make my 2pm slot due to car problems. I was impressed how easy it was to change to a later time.
Poor signage inside castle ie what rooms were used for etc 
Based on our experience, we intend to visit as many castles as possible.
Really disappointing lack on interpretation. It's an amazing and huge castle almost completely devoid of useful information. 
First visit for us. We were looking for something g local for a half day trip.
Everything was smooth, organised and straightforward. 
Really enjoyable visit 
I was desperate for a coffee but no facilities.
It would be helpful if the directional signage from the car park to the entrance was improved.
We were 'locked out' when a door to the grounds around the lake was closed at 1pm without any signage to that affect
We’re looking forward to visiting again. 
Impressive site and ruins but not too much in the way of information panels.  Some of the interactive panels did not seem to be working.
The castle was kept very nicely, well maintained and clean
It would have been nice to have more interactive things for the kids. Or worksheets or find objects around the castle. 
I feel the castle could benefit from some signage explaining what each of the rooms was used for. I appreciate that there is a guide book available to purchase however I do think that the entry price should cover at least some basic information on signs throughout the monument. 
Very impressive castle and brilliant for access - thank-you for all the level areas, even within the base of the towers.
Yes, the information around the castle was poor. They could have done so much more. With reconstruction pictures and information about castle life
Beautiful location and amazing history highlighted by the cinema room
Encouraged me to become a Cadw life memberand will definitely return to see the different phases at the castle. Castle Coch is next visit once new life member card arrives
The grandchildren were disappointed that the dragon’s smoke was not working.
There weren't enough information boards giving us the history of the place.
The dragons and eggs were a great touch!
We were told that masks were required for any inside areas, which we abided by, but many didn’t.
Stunning castle!!!
My children really enjoyed the dragons, but it would be great if there were possibly more things like that there. 
Very interesting and informative.
We appreciated the well planned one way system in place
Thoroughly enjoyed our visit, will definitely be doing it again with other family members
We thoroughly enjoyed the experience, and understand the restrictions due to Covid - we will be back with our Grandsons at some time, as they will love it!
The storytelling with the Dragon was amazing. If you offered a cd or other recording of that narrator telling more Welsh tales we would have been happy to buy it 
An impressive monument that is part of the rich history of this country. The restoration done to make this accessible was excellent and we thoroughly enjoyed our visit. 
We were a bit disappointed because we took our son who is in a push chair. We were not made aware that we would not be able to go up the castle with the chair/have somewhere to leave the chair. One member of staff said it was ok to leave the push chair in the main area but when we asked another lady who was there, she said she wouldn’t watch it for us (which is fair enough because that’s not her job) and that there’s no cameras and it probably wasn’t safe. We didn’t feel comfortable leaving the pushchair unattended because it is very expensive. Therefore, we only saw a tiny bit of the castle. 
It was the first time I’ve been to a cadw site and was really impressed.
Great info points around the monument 
Very disappointed with lack of information other than in one room in the castle. Lack of food and hot drink availability on site - onlly cold drinks and ice creams. 
The castle has very good transport links to visit easily.
I felt like I was visiting an undiscovered gem.
Lovely to see the ongoing improvements going on in the castle, but it would be great to see some more facilities for disabled visitors (a Changing Places would mean we could stay for longer, for example).
Very nice, enjoyable visit to a fantastic monument 
Really enjoyed the visit 
Very satisfied with the one way system even without COVID because it ensured you saw all the relevant parts of the castle without confusion. 
Other CADW sites e.g. Plas Mawr in Conwy have a great audio guide - it would have been great at Caerfilli to have some similar to have more information about the history of the site and the people connected with it 
Interesting for all the family.
Fantastic to visit Caerphilly Castle.  Easy to interpret what everything was or would have been.  Extensive restoration in the 1930s helps to bring the castle to life.
it was a second vvisit
I was very disappointed that there weren’t many information plaques in the various rooms as there are in other castles.  
The video was very good.
Site closing 12 to 1pm meant we left before we had seen everything.
It was a great experience.
Information boards not as good as at some other CADW sites. 3-D pictures not easy to interpret, and tone of content rather juvenile. Otherwise, very enjoyable visit. 
Cadw..do amazing work but having visited many cadw sites one thing is sadly missing especially at some castle sites is information boards which are small or missing altogether 


Car park signage was not great. We missed the turn completely. Other than that, we thoroughly enjoyed our visit.
Was rely enjoyable  my two grand children  really had a good time 
I was glad to be able to visit, but had to change my plans at the last minute as CADW announced only three days in advance that the castle would be closing for 2 1/2 days.  If this had been unavoidable e.g. due to severe weather or falling masonry, it would have been understandable, but it was due to replacing the computers, which you must have known about for weeks.  I rang the phone number on the website for help and was told that your own staff didn't know exactly what would be closed when.  It was fortunate that I was in the area for a few days as otherwise the trip would have been ruined.   Surely more notice could have been given.
no coffee shop & visitor centre could be bigger with more choice to purchase plus an information area
Work with local businesses to change the shop frontages
Seeing superdrug and sports direct behind your beautiful castle spoils the immersion
Very much enjoyed the visit. 
We had a great time. It was hard to find how to get into the towers at first as there was no information but once we found it the 1 way system was really good. No squeezing past people on the spiral staircases
My children really enjoy visiting and exploring the castle, especially listening to the dragon story. They were a little disappointed there wasn't a treasure hunt this time as they relly enjoyed that the last time we visited but overall a fantastic visit.
Well worth our time
We loved the use of data projectors to bring areas to life. Loved the 4 heads sculptures and the information boards in all areas. 
Please see Caerphilly castle emails for complaint email following health and safety incident 
We were really impressed by new exhibits at Caerphilly Castle - especially the dragons with audio story, and the interactive map (touchscreen on a table) that had a cannon you could set off and other effects. It was always a fun castle to visit but these extra bits make it that bit more exciting for the kids.
The one way system was a little confusing in places, as if perhaps some arrows had been removed or repositioned incorrectly.
We loved our visit and the grandchildren loved exploring the castle. We were fortunate with the weather having had a lot of rain and though some of the steps and surfaces  were wet, we didn't feel they were hazardous. We appreciated having the one way system round. The grandchildren(and adults) enjoyed the table screen in the room off the entrance as we finished the tour. 
The castle was one of the best we have visited
The staff in the shop were really polite, friendly and helpful. Lovely castle. Will visit again. 
we went on to visit Castle Coch
Only reason for holiday was Caerphilly castle, (Castell Coch and Fagans museum).
The castle was incredible, but I wish there were more signs with explanations- we didn’t know what lots of rooms were meant to be.
Quite a lot of other visitors considering weather and time of year
It was my first visit to Cardiff 
Visited with family from London, including 2 small children. Disappointed that there wasn’t a children’s guidebook.
I think I'm right in saying the online information says dogs are allowed, but not that dogs are confined to the ground floor. I assume this is for safety reasons (?) and that's fine if it's a reasoned decision, but would be best to know the full position in advance. If you are alone and have no one to take the dog whilst you explore higher levels it really reduces the value of the visit. 
I would have liked to see more information about the site as we walked around.
'Closed for lunch' still shocked at the concept for a visitor location closing for an hour at lunchtime
It was very nice. 
The dragons were so cool!
Great day out for the family and so happy the site was still open despite COVID restrictions and the Christmas holidays. 
Not sure you need the one way system tbh - it was more confusing than 'safe' ((I've worked in H&S management for many moons)
Felt signs on the rooms to tell us what they were would be great..we cant all afford a guide
I was surprised the Castle was closed 1230 to 1.30pm. Can't staff lunchtimes be staggered?. The Castle has huge potential. I gather there will be a big investment coming, which is good because I think it is under resourced and under exploited. It needs more information, signposting and imaginative storytelling. The dragon "pit" was excellent. Would have been good to have access to the tallest towers for the views.   
It was not made clear when booking that the castle closed from 1230-130 for cleaning. This only gave us an hour to visit.
I live on the border and member of english heritage. CADW and english heritage should have shared membership rights so visit to each others sites are free. Unhappy to pay half price because i live in England
Not bad, cheers
We had a really lovely time and enjoyed exploring with my family 
I would like to know more information.  On the room . Which room for?  
The 12:30-13:30 (effectively from 12:00) closure is very inconvenient. Surely staff could stagger breaks to remain open?
The monument was stunning. The interactive exhibit in the gatehouse was brilliant but I didn't get a chance to view it all as my children also enjoyed playing with it. I would have liked to also have more information around the site. We were especially surprised that wasn't any information about the fallen Tower near the tower itself. 
My recent visit was an impromptu visit so therefore my issue was not of concern, however as the summer approaches and we travel further afield on our castle adventures, I notice that the monuments are still shutting for lunch - when we go out for a the day though we very often arrive at a castle around 11ish, have a look around, then have a picnic in the picturesque castle grounds and finish our adventure in the afternoon, however with the monuments shutting to cover staff lunch breaks (which are usually staggered in other hospitality/retail establishments) this causes issues when we want to go out for the day,,,,
It was a wonderful day
Granddaughter loves the dragons
Arddangosfa'r ddraig yn dda, mi wnaeth fy mhlant fwynhau drwy gyfrwng y Gymraeg. 
Great place kids loved it, thank you.
The castle was great. We felt there could have been more information boards explaining about the castle and its history. Also alot of the rooms were empty. It would be nice to know what they were used for or how they were decorated. Also it would be fun to learn about castle life.
Even with the covid restrictions I still enjoyed myself and the children loved it
It was a shame that had to take the castle tour separately as we had our dog with us - it would be nice to have this info advertised on the website.
Been 3 times there and we are planning to go again!
My children loved the dragons. 
Audio wasn’t working but team member mentioned that engineer was booked.
We will be back in warmer weather!
We enjoyed the dragon story and the trebuchets. 
Thoroughly enjoyed it, Castell Coch will be next! 
The car park wasn’t very well sign posted, in that it was well marked as being the castle’s car park and there was quite a long walk from the car park to the castle
We loved it, Thank you Cadw.
It's our special place, as we got married here in 2015 - so it holds a very special place in our hearts :) 
Roedd ein hymwelwyr yn hynod o impressed gyda'r castell ac wedi mwynhau rhannu straeon ein hanes leol gyda'u hwyrion. Rydym wedi ymweld sawl gwaith a wastad yn anghofio am fawredd y castell.

Byddai'n hyfryd petai rhywle prynu coffi tu fewn i'r castell megis un o'r trailers/rhyw opsiwn têc awê. 
I was disappointed that the castle shuts for an hour (12.30-1.30pm) when one member of staff could allow guests in.

I thought the castle was very impressive and I enjoyed reading the signs.
Felt that the one way system wasn't really necessary and detracted slightly from the look and feel of the monument and ability to explore. I think limiting visitor numbers, if necessary, or directing people to start at quieter / different parts of the site would be a better way to preserve social distancing. Much of the monument is outdoors and/or extremely well ventilated so concentrating messaging on those few indoor areas with exhibits where people spend more time.
It was great!
Yes, so on the safety of the site, the castle gas very steep steps and we thought more warning signs for very young children and elderly should be in place before you set off for the visit.  Also it should be advised to visitors that staff make rounds every 20 min, so if you do fall you know help is on it’s way.  Steps are unsuitable for many.  Second, more signage or an audio guide would bring the castle to life, also guided tours if the are available could be advertised including the languages they cover. It is a fantastic monument, and more could be made of the site with a bit better signate and explanatory plaques (at least in eng/welsh, maybe third language like french depending on where visitors come from), we stayed in a local hotel in brecon beacons, but travelled for the weekend away from Surrey. Loved the site, it was our highlight along with a walk to the waterfalls with our 2yr old toddler who was in a pouch for the whole visit as way too young to do the steps.
Website information could be improved. It was bad weather and we had no idea how this would affect our visit. Thankfully the staff when we arrived were helpful and reassured us it would still be worth it
Disappointed to find on arrival that the castle was closed over lunchtime. We would have booked to come earlier if we’d have known. Made our visit very rushed and sadly not worth what we’d paid for the tickets 